Good moring, baby (Good morning, baby)
How did you rest last night? Did you rest well?
I love waking up to you (I love waking up to you)
What would you like for breakfast?
I think you're what I'd like to do today
Oh, easy (it's so easy), oh, oh
(It would please me so much to please you)
(What would you like to do today?)
Oh, easy (Nothing is too much)
Oh, fun (Come here, baby)

(Lovin you is...)  I'll massage your back, run your bath
It's never too much for me to do
(Lovin you is...) Anything you ask, whatever the task
Don't even ask, it's done

It's never too much
Loving you is easy (easy)
Loving you is what I'd like to do
What I'd like to do today (to do today)
Easy, ooh, lovin' you is easy
Because you're the one ('cause you're the one)
Lovin' you is fun
You might also like
(Lovin you is...) Breakfast in your bed on Sunday mornin'
What would you like today? (today, today)
(Lovin you is...) When you retire, shall I light your fire?
What do you require? It's done

It's never too much (it's never too much)
Loving you is easy (loving you is easy)
Loving you is what I'd like to do
What I'd like to do today
(what I'd like to do, what I'd like to do today)
Easy, ooh, lovin' you is easy (so easy)
Because you're the one (oh, 'cause you're the one)
Lovin' you is fun

I'll be your sugar in the morning
Your shade in the noonday sun
I'll be your honey in the evening, babe
And I'll get down sweet and low
And in the midnight hour
I'll give you what you require
Lovin' you is so sweet, easy
(No, don't say a word, let me read your mind)
(I know what you want, come here)
Lovin' you is easy 'cause you're the one man
Morning, noon, and night, workin' hard as I can
Anything you want baby, anything you need
Want it, say it, do it, 'cause you're so easy
Lovin' you is easy 'cause you're the one man
Morning, noon, and night, workin' hard as I can
Anything you want, baby
Anything you need, it's done

'Cause it's never too much (never too much)
Loving you is easy (serve your breakfast in bed)
Loving you is what I'd like to do, (serve your breakfast in bed)
What I'd like to do today (whenever you require)
Easy, ooh, lovin' you is easy (so easy)
Because you're the one (you're the one)
Lovin' you is fun (every night and every day, everyday)
It's never too much
Loving you is easy (so easy)
Loving you is what I'd like to do
(What I'd like to do, what I'd like to do)
What I'd like to do today
Easy, ooh, lovin' you is easy (so easy)
Because you're the one (you're the one)