What up? What up?
Say what? Say what? Say what? Uh-huh
Ooh (Uh, uh, uh), say what? Say what? Say what? (Yeah, Left Eye)
Ooh, girl, you know what's up (Donell Jones, ooh)
Ooh, say what? Say what? Say what? (Ooh-ooh)
Ooh, girl, you know what's up (Ooh)

Me and my niggas be rollin', schemin' on you and your homies
The very first day of summer, all chromed out in a Hummer, babe
Hit the park and parlay, hope that you walk this way
Do you and your girls wanna ride, play all day, puff on the lye?

Ooh, say what? Say what? Say what? (You know that I like it, baby)
Ooh, girl, you know what's up (Uh-huh, and you know what I need)
Ooh, say what? Say what? Say what? (You know that I'm 'bout it, baby)
Ooh, girl, you know what's up (Right, mmh, you know what's up)

I'm diggin' you (Baby), I'm feelin' you
And you know what's up (You gotta know what's up, baby)
Said I'm diggin' you and I'm wantin' you (Uh, uh)
So tell me, what's up? (So tell me, what's up, baby?)
You might also like
Peep her thighs and I'm zonin' right around two in the mornin'
Lookin' fly with the sun dress on, I think I feel a bone comin' on
Girl, you got me wide open, waitin' all day and I'm hopin'
So baby, don't front, backseat Jeep, you know what I want

Ooh, say what? Say what? Say what? (Say what? Say what? Say what? You know that I like it, baby)
Ooh (Uh, uh, uh, ooh), girl, you know what's up (And you know what I need, need)
Ooh, say what? Say what? Say what? (You know that I'm 'bout it, baby)
Ooh, girl, you know what's up (Oh-oh)

I'm diggin' you (Baby), I'm feelin' you (Yeah)
And you know what's up (You gotta know what's up)
Said I'm diggin' you (Oh) and I'm wantin' you
So tell me, what's up? (Uh, say what? Say what? Say what?)

So baby, tell me, what's up? Can we ascend to higher heights? And when the path gets rough
We can give into brighter nights, breathe with peace, expound by leaps
And soul to reap, our souls to keep
The passion's deep (Uhh) and filled with heat (Yeah)
Livin' this life on the hustle, I barely get enough time
You know me from the platinum, how I stack them and shine
You see a lot of contenders, they try to end up in my world
A reputation known as the untouchable girl
I'm movin' on and now I'm tryin' to make a change in my ways
Be the best that I can be to last me all of my days
Now we can blaze pathways or just take our time
Better holla if ya hear me, 'cause Left Eye gon' shine
My eyes don't lie, see how they glisten when you pass me by?
You and I don't need permission to be unified
Surely I done seen and heard of many places
Then I travelled around the world, seen many faces
Don't let another one get near me if you wanna be true
And show me that nobody else can do it better than you
So if you're serious, I'm curious to see what you got
But love is furious, 'cause I believe in blowin' up spots
I'm diggin' you, I'm feelin' you (Untouchable)
And you know what's up (Eddie F)
Said I'm diggin' you (Darren Lighty) and I'm wantin' you (Left Eye, Donell Jones)
So tell me, what's up?  (This is how it's goin' down)
I'm diggin' you, I'm feelin' you
And you know what's up
Said I'm diggin' you and I'm wantin' you
So tell me, what's up?
I'm diggin' you, I'm feelin' you
And you know what's up
Said I'm diggin' you and I'm wantin' you