Executioner: Do you have anything to say?
Alfred Borden: ...Abracadabra

Wake up to your grave it's the reminder on the clock
And those fleeting bits of satisfaction, turn to afterthoughts
But if you say the magic word
You could call back all the birds
And see that fire in the sky, burn everything back to life
You don't have to sleep to dream and live in paradise
Abracadabra, are you watchin' closely?
Can you feel the dawn approaching?
Jailer:  Why can't you undo real locks, Professor?
Alfred Borden: Maybe I'm just biding my time. Maybe one day I'll open my hand, get your attention, and ask... 'Are you watching closely?' Maybe a magic word or two. And then I'll be... gone
Jailer:  How'd you get so famous then, eh?
Alfred Borden: ...Magic
Jailer: Oy! Borden get back here!
Prisoners: 
Alfred Borden: Thank you!
Jailer: Shut up! ...Where's the bloody key?!

I overheard niggas saying Jay was on the verge
He could make Rumsfeld resign with rhymes he never heard
Commune with the birds
And can manipulate matter with the usage of words
Throwin' dice on the curb
I'm the best and the freshest with the written text, fuck what you heard
It's the, metaphysical, dolby digital
Any Joe'll tell you, the flow's so pivotal
Every word's literal
Each diatribe is sort of like an interview
Come get an inner view
Right past the man and the myth to the mineral
I was born uptown a mile from the river view
Look, I'm a simple man, ya understand?
Masterin' my temple man, tryin' to expand
But when they think you simple, man
They'll try to play you out like you a simpleton
See what I'm sayin'
Niggas want pain not mercy
I'm writin' in my Moleskine on the train to Canarsie
Stand clear of the closin' doors
The people are in constant fear of a Trojan War
The vehicle that's supposed to free us is just a whore
I gotta call 'em like I see 'em
Even if it means they'll sanction my per diem
The angels will thank me in the streets if I see 'em
Sayin', there he go but I wouldn't wanna be him
Holdin' up a three and reppin' for New Orleans