Hooking up words and phrases and clauses
Conjunction Junction, how's that function?
I've got three favorite cars that get most of my job done
Conjunction Junction, what's their function?
I've got and, but, and or
They'll get you pretty far
And!
That's an additive, like this and that
But!
That's sort of the opposite
Not this but that
And then there's Or. O-R
When you have a choice like this or that
And, but, and or get you pretty far!
Conjunction Junction, what's your function?
Hooking up two boxcars and making 'em run right
Milk and honey, bread and butter, peas and rice
(Hey that's nice)
Dirty but happy, digging and scratchin'
Losing your shoe and a button or two
He's poor but honest, sad but true
Boo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo!
See Better Than Ezra LiveGet tickets as low as $29You might also likeConjunction Junction, what's your function?
Hooking up two cars to one
When you say something like this choice
Either now or later
Or no choice:
Neither now nor ever
(Hey that's clever)
Eat this or that, Grow thin or fat
Never mind, I wouldn't do that
I'm fat enough now!
Conjunction Junction, what's your function?
Hookin' up phrases and clauses that balance, like:
Out of the frying pan and into the fire
He cut loose the sandbags
But the balloon wouldn't go any higher
Let's go up to the mountains or down to the seas
You should always say Thank you
Or at least say Please!
Conjunction Junction, what's your function?
Hookin'-up words and phrases and clauses
In complex sentences like:
"In the mornings, when I am usually wide awake, I love to take a walk through the gardens and down by the lake, where I often see a duck and a drake, and I wonder as I walk by just what they'd say if they could speak, although I know that's an absurd thought."
Conjunction Junction, what's your function?
Hookin'-up cars and making them function
Conjunction Junction, how's that function?
I like tying up words and phrases and clauses
Conjunction Junction, watch that function!
I'm going to get you there if you're very careful
Conjunction Junction, what's your function?