One minute I be on one, next minute I be chillin'
Sometimes I really care, sometimes I really don't and you'll be all up in your feelings
Sometimes I wanna be solo, sometimes I feel like somethin' missin'
Sometimes I be like damn, you could be the one if you keep playin' your position
And you be playin' your position like a pro
Like the way you know, if you really got the good, I'll never let you go
And you always look good, you be goin' with the flow, keep on doin' what you doin', baby, that'll get you chose
I suppose, who knows?

Depends on how I be feelin', you see what my heart's revealin'
Maybe you got what I'm missin', would you keep it real and my heart belong to you
Baby, would you act right could you be the one on my side or would you run and hide?
If I gave my all to you, baby, would you play your part if I gave you my heart?

Would you know what to do with it?
Would you know what to do?
Would you know what to do, baby, if it was you?
Would you know what to do?
Would you know what to do with it?
Would you know what to do?
Would you know what to do or would you be confused
Baby, if it were you?
You might also like
Would you stay down for a nigga, times get bad, stick around with a nigga?
If I came home late, if I had a long day, would you lay me on the bed, go to town on a nigga?
Tell the truth, baby, would you be the one I need, baby, could you take all of me?
If I call you, are you down to ride, if fall will you be by my side?
Girl, I really wanna know, are you puttin' on a show?
Is it really you for sure? If you not then let it go
Baby I ain't what you want, if you puttin' on a front and you tryna blow smoke, better fire up a blunt
Let it pass me, 'cause I'ma keep it real if you ask me

I'll let you know how I'm feelin', you'll see what my heart's revealin'
Maybe you got what I'm missin', would you keep it real and, my heart belong to you
Baby, would you act right could you be the one on my side or would you run and hide?
If I gave my all to you, baby, would you play your part if I gave you my heart?

Would you know what to do with it?
Would you know what to do?
Would you know what to do, baby if it was you?
Would you know what to do?
Would you know what to do with it?
Would you know what to do?
Would you know what to do or would you be confused
Baby if it were you?
If I gave my heart, gave my all to you
If it were your heart, all I'm asking you
If you focused on paper, they focus on drama
When you feel like this game, puts a strain on you and your momma
When you feel like you're goin' insane, all these nigga's actin' strange
And you feel like nobody else is feelin' your pain
My heart belong to you
My good, my bad
My now, my past
If you take that
If I gave my all to you
My use my do's, my new life now
If you were me, if I were you
If you had to walk a mile in my shoes
If nobody else would ride with you
And you only 22, what would you do?

Sometimes I just cry
And cry, and cry
And this thing shit got my whole family
But every rose needs to rain
(And Momma don't even talk
Momma, where you at?)
There so much pain
The lies with them on their eyes
Like my brother's tragic demise
(I'm waiting God)
These tears, I just can't hide
I cry
Cause every rose needs to rain
(Love, what is love?)
See, because some things, many just can't change
(Family, what is family?)
Like my new life and all this fame
Nobody acting the same
(Too se the young black boy)
The ones closest to you they just acting strange
(Trying to be a man
And they don't show me how to be a man)
And harassing me
See, every night I pray for rain
To wash away this pain
(God I pray)
I cry
I cry
I'm crying
I cry
Sometimes I just cry