Hello?
Whatup doe?
How many of 'em around?
Shit, I'm bout to come grab all them
4-1

My connect called me wit some shit that I must have
So I woke up in the morning, digged in my stash
When this money come back, I'ma be a lil' richer
I ain't spendin' though, I'm bout to do the same thing, nigga (Nigga)
Invest in my products, stay stocked up for pop ups (Yea)
Cookin' cocaine until it lock up
You can sew the block up, but me?
I ain't chasin' after fame
Rather keep niggas puzzled how I'm poppin' up wit chains ("How he doin' that?")
I'm planting money in the right places (Yup)
Now niggas lookin at me wit the tight faces (Pissed)
They wanna know what I do and how I make it ("How he make it?")
I flip a dollar for two and then I save it (Boy)

Yea it's simple math my nigga:
Spend a dollar, make two
You might also like
Plug called with the best, so I had to invest (Yup)
I need Rollie's on my wrist, I need karats on my neck (All that shit)
Plug called with the best, so I had to invest (I had to)
I had to invest (Get money)
Plug called with the best, so I had to invest (Yup)
I need Benzes, I need 'Vettes, I need stacks in my sweats (Yea)
Plug called with the best, so I had to invest (I had to)
I had to invest (Gettin' to it)

I gotta keep on-hand cash to enlarge my stash (Stash)
Can't go broke tryna look like the man (Nah)
It's diamonds on your wrist, but if yo plug call wit a lick
Nigga you can't even buy shit (You can't even buy shit!)
As a young cat, I used to do that quick (I did)
Tryna get the attention from the dealers wit grip ("Look at me!)
'Cause money attract money, but that's another topic
Can't expect big paper if you petty when you cop it (Nah)
Get a lane and lock it, stay committed to the socket (Yup)
Make investments wit your profit
Be a hustler wit knowledge (Yup)
Gotta get it 'til you got it
All the extra shit, stop it (Yea)
All the leeches, cut 'em off (Yea, yea)
First invest, then ball
Plug called with the best, so I had to invest (All that shit)
I need Rollie's on my wrist, I need karats on my neck (I had to)
Plug called with the best, so I had to invest (Get money)
I had to invest (Yup)
Plug called with the best, so I had to invest (Yea)
I need Benzes, I need 'Vettes, I need stacks in my sweats (I had to)
Plug called with the best, so I had to invest (Gettin' to it)
I had to invest (Gettin' to it)

Yea man, you gotta tie that muh'fuckin money up, you gotta invest
You buyin' ounces of weed? Buy a pound
You buyin' eight balls? Make yo way to a brick
You buyin' bricks? You need to buy some legal shit so you can get up out that shit, 'cause fast money don't last forever
Nigga, you rappin? Invest in some muh'fuckin studio time
Market yo muh'fuckin self
Whatever you doin', invest that shit
You got a business? Invest in makin that shit look bigger
Fuck wit people on yo level
Gotta tie that money up, dawg

Plug called with the best, so I had to invest (All that shit)
I need Rollie's on my wrist, I need karats on my neck (I had to)
Plug called with the best, so I had to invest (Get money)
I had to invest (Yup)
Plug called with the best, so I had to invest (Yea)
I need Benzes, I need 'Vettes, I need stacks in my sweats (I had to)
Plug called with the best, so I had to invest (Gettin' to it)