Here I sit and watch my world come crumbling down
I cry for help but no one's around
Silently screaming as I bang my head against the wall
It seems like no one cares at all

Always an emotion, but how could I explain? (How can I explain?)
Kind of like the scent of a rose, with words I can't explain, the same with my pain
Caught up in emotion, goes over my head (Goes over my head)
Sometimes I got to think to myself, "Is this life or death?
Am I living or am I dead?"

The clock keeps ticking, but nothing else seems to change
Problems never solved, just rearranged
And when I think about all the times that I've had
Some were good, most were bad

I search for personality, and I look for things I cannot see
Love and peace flash through my mind, pain and hate is all I find
Find no hope in nothing new, and I've never had a dream come true
Lies and hate and agony, and through my eyes that's all I see
You might also like
If I'm gonna cry, will you wipe away my tears?
And if I'm gonna die, Lord, please take away my fear
Before I drown in sorrow, well I just want to say

How will I laugh tomorrow when I can't even smile today? (Today, today, today)
When I can't even smile today (Today, today, today)
When I can't even smile today
How will I laugh tomorrow (When I can't even smile today?)
How will I laugh tomorrow when I can't even smile today?

You think something's funny? Laugh at this!
So when I look outside my room, I see the world, but not the reason
What is done to me is not fair, you call it fair, I call it treason
But I know not what to do, give me a sign I'll take whatever
But if you want me here I am, ain't gonna die forever
And I tried to hold ya, but you just turned away
And I tried to tell ya, but not a word I say
I cried out so loudly, but you just covered your ears
I gave you all the signs, but you ignored my tears
So if you want me here I am, I sit here waiting your decision
But my body fights my mind, I'm headed straight for a collision
So am I getting near or am I still looking in all the wrong places?
But the only thing that seems to change are their looks on the faces

Doesn't anyone?
Seems like no one cares at all

(Seems like no one cares at all) I search for personality, and I look for things I cannot see
(Does anyone even care at all?)
(Seems like no one cares at all) Love and peace flash through my mind, pain and hate is all I find
(It seems like no one cares at all)
(Seems like no one cares at all) Find no hope in nothing new, and I've never had a dream come true
(Does anyone even care at all?)
(Seems like no one cares at all, seems like no one cares at all) Lies and hate and agony, through my eyes that's all I see
(It seems like no one cares at all)

How will I laugh tomorrow?
How will I laugh tomorrow?
How will I laugh tomorrow?
How will I laugh tomorrow when I can't even smile today? (Today, today)
When I can't even smile today (Today, today)
When I can't even smile today
How will I laugh tomorrow (When I can't even smile today?)