"Hey, so I got the new Liz track... Have you heard it? Did you like it?"
"No, I hate it"
"You hated it?"
"I hate it"
"Yah, you hated it, huh? I hated it too"
"I really hate it"
"Oh, you really hate it?"
"I really, really hate it"
Uh oh, you don't agree on it
Uh oh, I totally love it
Uh oh, I think I'm a genius
Uh oh, you're being a penius
Colada, that is
"I hated it that much as well"
Hate it
"I think you and I are exactly hate for hate, you know?"
Oh, how you hate it
"That may be, but mine's enormous"
You hate it
"Yes, although, my hate could grow."
"My hate is growing."
"Oh."
So much
Oh, how you hate it
"It's getting... larger and hotter. And with the dog that bit me? that I got rabies from?"
"Yeah, I hated it more than..."
"That was the neighbors' dog, but it was still my rabies."
Oh, how you hate it
"I don't think you hate it as much as I hate it"
"Remember that time they wouldn't let me back into the country?"
You really hate it, so much
"That guy at the, at the airport? The security guy?"
"Yeah."
"That I said I was gonna hunt down and ... hate?"
You might also likeNo wonder that you hate it, 'cause it's all about you
Funny you should say that, 'cause it hates you too
I wonder if you hate it 'cause it's something you can't do
And I'm losin' love for you
"You hated him?"
"I hated him. Well, I hate the record more"
Uh oh, we don't agree on it
"I hate it"
Uh oh, I totally love it
Uh oh, I think I'm a genius
"Hate it"
Uh oh, you're being a penius
Colada, that is
"Yeah, no, I really hate it. I really do."
Hate it, oh, how you hate it, you hate it, so much
Oh, how you hate it, oh, how you hate it
"You know, I listened to it twice. The second time was worse"
You really hate it
"on a scale of 1 to..."
"Oh, it was P.U., was the scale of..."
"Wow, so a 10 for..."
"We should open a window."
So much
No wonder that you hate it, 'cause it's all about you
Funny you should say that, 'cause it hates you too
I wonder if you hate it 'cause it's something you can't do
And I'm losin' love for you
"Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God! Oh! Oh, um, oh, thankyou so much! There's, there's, oh my God, thankyou! I wanna thank ATO, and I wanna thank Will Gatlin(?), Evan Frankfurt, you're the best! Shoutout to Evan Frankfurt! Doc Dauer, um, Jon Salter, and Will Botwin, and, keys, keys! Can you believe it?! Oh God, Oh my God, I'm so nervous! Um, I wanna thank my boyfriend, Andrew, and, mom, dad! And Nick, Nick! Oh, God. Who am I forgetting? Who am I forgetting? Oh, Jack Trott, and Dave Matthews! Dave Matthews, you're the best..."
"You know, I always loved that record"
"I liked it too. Always, from the beginning."
"From the very beginning."
"She's a great artist, I told you."
"Way back, I knew this was gonna be a hit. You know, the concept design of the album, the cover itself..."
"Solid gold. Solid gold."
"And the marketing level? To the audience, demographic we chose had a lot to do with it."
"You know, I don't wanna blow my own bugle, but, er, this was coming."
"I liked it a lot. The way it was handled, you know, the exposure, and the way we didn't overexpose the exposure."
"Well, we kept a low profile."
"And the profile we did have, was, our profile, so, we're right up in there."
"But now I think we can, you know, take a deep bow of self-congratulatory..."
"obeisance to the industry and to us in particular."