I can take you to Ibiza (Legendary)
We be livin' in our own world (World wide)
Yeah, I can take you to the room, I can take you to the moon
(What's up, beautiful?)
But first, can I take you home girl? (DJ Drama)
Girl, I can take you to a mansion
Remove the load from your shoulders
Girl, I can do a diamond ring, I can do a lotta things
But first, can we do ya home girl?
Can we, can we do ya home girl?

(For sure, though)
Yeah, I can take you to your destiny
Yeah, I won't let you get the best of me (What?)
She get undressed, then she undress a G (Swag)
Take me a private flight to Canada
Bae, I got stamina
Bae, let's have a deep stroke
Let's have a candlelight, baby, let's have some fun with it (Oh my god)
I ain't no officer, but I'ma keep my gun with me
I'm a big loaner, bitch, you know I keep trust funds with me
Woah, lil' bitch, I keep your bonds with me
Woah, she, she got a son with me
She in the back of the Jeep and she say she done with me
I like to cum on her titties, tell her these all our kiddies
Remote control our life, I love to remote control it (Ha)
If I get low, I know how to get up and go get bricks (Brr)
These bitches love my dog ass, yes-yes, I call 'em ticks (Woo)
And that's it
You might also like
I can take you to Ibiza (Take you to)
We be livin' in our own world (Livin' in it)
Yeah, I can take you to the room, I can take you to the moon
But first, can I take you home girl? (Can I? Can I?)
Girl, I can take you to a mansion
Remove the load from your shoulders
Girl, I can do a diamond ring, I can do a lotta things
But first, can we do ya home girl?
Can we, can we do ya home girl? (Hey)

Nothin' better to me I say (I say)
Than to ride on a sunny day (Uh-huh)
Pretty bitch right beside me (Yup)
I'm ridin' clean and my nigga Ike on Camelton in a new Benz
V12 sit before it dropped and the truth is
If I were back in '95
I'd have gave my life for that ride back then
Since then I've had 10, swear to God (Aye)
Never mind that, girl I see in your eyes
You wonder how It feel havin' me in your thighs
Have you spittin' on that pussy, just fit it aside
My room 8 freaks, one nigga inside (That's me)
I got 'em all screamin' and hollerin' (Yeah)
Comin' in unison, lookin' surprised (Okay)
Huh, I don't know why she surprised (What?)
'Cause when she came up in the crib it look like fantasy island
Why you think I got this big ass house? (You see it)
Why you think I got this big ass bed? (You know it)
Why you think I got this big ass shower? (You see it)
And Ciroc coming out of my water fountain?
Tell you some of that make your day go better
Throw a bankroll on you if you say "No, never" (You can)
She wanna eat her, she's gonna let her (Go ahead)
Her boyfriend callin' man, he know better her
We stuck in place, I can take your place
You can just consider this a paid vacation (Uh-huh)
'Cause you work for me now and I pay daily (Yup)
Your job bringin' me naked lady (Uh-huh)
And my job fuckin' till they can't take it
Then skeet on their faces
Might video tape it
But I bet it ain't gon' be no shower rods in the
Places I'ma take ya, sorry MiMi (Faust)
I can take you to Ibiza (Ha, take you to)
We be livin' in our own world (Livin' in it)
Yeah, I can take you to the room, I can take you to the moon
But first, can I take you home girl? (Can I? Can I?)
Girl, I can take you to a mansion
Remove the load from your shoulders
Girl, I can do a diamond ring, I can do a lotta things
But first, can we do ya home girl?
Can we, can we do ya home girl?

Can we, can we do ya home girl?
Can we, can we do ya home girl?