I pour out a little liquor (Uh-huh)
R-I-P to my niggas (Rest in peace)
I pour out a little liquor
A dedication (A dedication)
Ah-haaaa

Evil thoughts in your mind keep runnin' through
Not quite sure what you wanna do
Like, what is this world comin' to?
Life goes on even if you don't want it to (Uh-huh)
It's a sad ride home
If the good die young, do the bad die old? (Let me know)
I'm just tryna carry my load
Another good nigga livin' by the bad guy code
Lookin' for the Lord but the devil spoke to you
When you lose a loved one or somebody that's close to you
People turnin' they back meanin' the most to you
Then you find out your man is sendin' them folks to you
Make you shed a tear and you never cry
Always true to your word and you never lie
Got your hand on them birds you would let em fly
Yeah, 'cause real niggas never die (What?)

Somebody tell me why (Why), why the good die young? (Why)
Sometimes it makes me cry, cry to know that you're gone
Hold on to the memories, not a day goes by
I hear a voice sayin', "Dry those eyes"
'Cause real niggas never die (Real niggas never die)
They never die, no
Real niggas never die (Real niggas never die)
They never die, real niggas never die
You might also like
Yuh, look
I had a love for this music but I ain't know how to pursue it
Was frustrated as a teen, I needed money for Buicks
My shirt was stained from the sewage, niggas rockin' the newest
I dealt with it for the moment but couldn't call it the future
I'm down a block from the shootin', it started to sound like recruitin'
Seein' niggas I grew up with sleep to funeral music
And I was only fifteen, I parted ways with my schoolin'
My first seven grams of work was like my holy communion
And now I'm turnt out, the block hot, niggas burnt out
With no heart it's cold cash that we search out
We got rules, we hear shots then we 'sperse out
Retaliation, get back, exactly what the turf bout
And it's a game of young niggas I was heard 'bout
On the real, I almost shed tears in the church house
Back when I thought real niggas couldn't die
Learnt I was wrong but still couldn't cry
Look

Somebody tell me why (Why), why the good die young? (Why)
Sometimes it makes me cry, cry to know that you're gone
Hold on to the memories, not a day goes by
I hear a voice sayin', "Dry those eyes"
'Cause real niggas never die (Real niggas never die)
They never die, no (DJ Drama, I gotchu nigga)
Real niggas never die (Real niggas never die)
They never die, real niggas never die (Against the world nigga, look, yeah)
Since everybody real, where the fakers at? (At)
Since everybody trill, where the flakers at? (Yeah)
Tryna break 'em down, where the tables at? (At)
Duffel bag full of cash like, where Vegas at? (Yeah)
Crap tables, life's a gamble, what a nigga want? (Want)
Now I'm lookin round like, what have a nigga done? (Yeah)
My Lord, my God, I'm used to hustlin' hard (Hard)
Guess they find it odd how a nigga beat the odds (Yeah)
No illuminati, never been a fan of Satan (Satan)
That's what happens when you room big as Central Station (Ha-haa)
Same rubber band my cousin tied her braids with (Yeah)
Weighin' coke with the same cards my auntie played spades with (Damn)
What you know about five eatin' off a half? (Half)
That's five muh'fuckas now you do the math
Oxymoron, these rap niggas don't lie (Lie)
This real nigga shit and real niggas don't die (Yeah)

Somebody tell me why (Why), why the good die young? (Why)
Sometimes it makes me cry, cry to know that you're gone
Hold on to the memories, not a day goes by
I hear a voice sayin', "Dry those eyes"
'Cause real niggas never die (Real niggas never die)
They never die, no
Real niggas never die (Real niggas never die)
They never die, real niggas never die
I pour out a little liquor
R-I-P to my niggas
I pour out a little liquor