Pluto
Drama (We in this bitch)
Astronaut talking

We got money in our pocket (Rack), and whatever you're sippin' on
Red-bottom limpin' around this bitch, what the fuck you trippin' on?
Twenty goons, they in this bitch (Yeah), you better check your tone
And they gon' put you back in place if you do somethin' wrong (Salute)
We in this bitch (We in this bitch)
We in this bitch
Yeah, we in this bitch (Yeahhh)
We got a section full of girls and they barely speak any English (No comprede, yeah)
Let's toast it up to that life and I mean it (Let's go)

We in this bitch (In this bitch), we in this hoe (Hoe)
I got the .40 on me now, I'm worse than Plaxico (Yeah)
Shout to Gangsta Gibbs, he the next to blow (Blow)
You should see my gangsta grill, I light the shit from blow (Damn)
Snow ya car transformin', is it a Transformer? ('Former)
You ever cook the whole thing on a George Foreman? (Yeah)
What about a nine on the gas grill? (Gas grill)
Four-fifty for the zip, paid my gas bill (What?)
So many horses in the 'Rari, park it in a barn (Woo)
Took the ice up out my cup and put it in my charm
And this bad bitch wit' me from another planet (Planet)
Stay on the satellite phone, man, I can't stand it (Ha-ha)
Hey, baby girl, hang the phone up (Hello?)
No talkin' wit'cha mouth full, you's a grown-up
What the fuck? (Fuck) Who the hell? (Hell)
Flashback in this bitch, thought I seen a scale (Snow)
You might also like
We got money in our pocket (Rack), and whatever you're sippin' on
Red-bottom limpin' around this bitch, what the fuck you trippin' on?
Twenty goons, they in this bitch, you better check your tone
And they gon' put you back in place if you do somethin' wrong (Salute)
We in this bitch (We in this bitch, Aight Drama)
We in this bitch
Yeah, we in this bitch (Yeahhh, Ya'll ready know what we doing, right?)
We got a section full of girls and they barely speak any English (No comprende)
Let's toast it up to that life and I mean it (Let's get it, chea, hey)

You know how we handle shit, gangsta gutter glamorous
Zone One Atlanta shit, over all the amateurs
I'm walkin' up in here a boss, so, dawg, approach with caution though
Disrespect is tolerated, that's some shit you oughta know (Hey)
Niggas say they ball, yeah, but I'm ballin' harder though
Cold as the nose on a Appalachian Eskimo (Hey)
It finna go down, hoe, pop-poppin' bottles, drown hoes
Paid niggas wit' us, ain't no broke niggas around so
Excuse me, who is he? I don't do this usually
But I'm too fresh to fight, somebody go and get security
I'm buyin' this, buyin' that, gettin' that check and flyin' jet
Boucheron, Constantine, Puff like, where you find that?
American at the nature, boy, a lot of nigga hate your boy
Pocket full of money, got more paper than a paperboy
Hoes jockin', on Twitter trending topic
Future, Jeezy, 'Cris, and Drama, Tip say, "Let's go get it poppin'!"
We got money in our pocket (Rack), and whatever you're sippin' on
Red-bottom limpin' around this bitch, what the fuck you trippin' on?
Twenty goons, they in this bitch, you better check your tone
And they gon' put you back in place if you do somethin' wrong (Salute)
We in this bitch (We in this bitch)
We in this bitch
Yeah, we in this bitch (Yeahhh)
We got a section full of girls and they barely speak any English (No comprede)
Let's toast it up to that life and I mean it

Yeah, Luda
I'm poppin' plenty bottles like I got plenty bricks (Bricks)
Call me Mr. Marcus, I'm in this bitch
Super drank, super smoke and some super hoes
VIP looking like we won the fucking Super Bowl
Thirsty chicks tryna give it, I don't want it
You been in more laps than the Indy 500 (Woo)
Conjure's what we drankin' (Drankin'), faded 'til the world end
Never see me plankin' unless I'm on your girlfriend (Ohh)
Ludacris, I been a staple in this Southern game
Got the best lines, so I guess I'm slangin' Southern 'caine (Yeah)
My money's louder, you rappers need to hush more
My presidents rock, my accounts are Mount Rushmore (Ha)
On the island and my phone is hittin' dead spots
Altoid can of blue pills, that's my X-box
You could hate, you could diss, you could make a wish