Don't be scared, represent it
Your county, your city
Who you know put Chevy's like this
Candy paint and the trunk full of funk like this
Dade County gon' ride...
Across the world we gone buy 'em
Booty red with the Louie top
And the rims keep spinning everytime I stop {*brrrrrr errrrrr*}
Murder one, I'm killing 'em
Got everybody watching but who gon' stop me?
The vert game sowed up
Somebody tried some mo' shit 'bout some ole shit
T Double done switched the game
Got niggas slowing down, switching lanes
Chevy boys, we like it fast
So I drop at the low, heavy at the gas
Before you know it, be hauling ass
'Bout 145 on the digital dash
Dade County, gone ride...
Wherever you from, represent it
Your county, your city
Wherever you from, represent it
Your county, your city
You might also likeNow how you do a Chevy like that?
Had the car 3 years, ain't paint the bitch yet?
Get off ya ass and get paid
If ya ain't 'bout money you ain't from Dade
See this strictly for the thugs
This the shit that'll get ya fucked up
A lil nigga with a big ole car and a big ole bank
Shit if it stank we don't dance
And I don't fuck with the krippy green
I'm strictly stuck on the brown team
So ask dread for the hotbread
If it's brown sticky send that shit my way!
Worm, tell Will to send the dust
Get the ball with no cut y'all catch me in the cut
This is strictly for the thugs...
Dade County... dub rider
Don't be scared to represent it
Your county, your city... Uh huh, uh huh...
Don't be scared to represent it
Your county, your city... Uh huh, uh huh...
Question - who the boy with the itty-bitty rims?
Fuck it, I don't care 'cause I don't even see 'em
Dub rider, don't y'all forget it
If they got a problem wit it, tell 'em I said it!
I got connection with the candy store
I'm looking for the wetter look I'm paying for!
Bet make that candy green
And it better be the wetter shit they ever seen!
You know I had to put shoes on her
So I put the 22's on her, 
Magic City, donk back to back
Hauling ass got there in two and a half!
What's a man without a Chevrolet?
That's like riding in a donk
In the trunk without funk in it
In Dade County, that shit won't get it
Dumb nigga, you gotta put funk in it
Homeboy, what's wrong with ya?
Riding up to a nigga with a Power Ranger engine
Now we gon' race donk to donk
But if ya lose, you got to ride in the trunk
Don't be scared to represent it
Yo county, yo city...
Dade County, uh huh uh huh, where we from
Don't be scared to represent it
Yo county, yo city...