That golden temple flow
The golden temple no
Get on the microphone
I'm kinda mental yo
Always hung over in the studio, still nice though
Always out my mind and wilding, still polite though
No lipo, no workout just bhangra for an hour
Dancing in my room alone to "I got the power"
It's bout the interstices, the game need me
Like ? on one CD?
Believe me. N-O on me like CP3
Zee on my like Jeezy, Weezy, Yeezy
Your rap's too sweet, you Herberts, you sherbert
Your days is numbered, like clockin' in for work
I make this music cause it feels like a movement
If it felt stupid, believe me I wouldn't do it
Feel me, I make a movie, maybe write a novel
But I stick with it units moving full throttle, holler
Gulliest Gaza no  Movado
Strictly good vibes like when they pop bottles
I got that great white, every day shark week
You hardly, my boys is straight Hardy
Har har har laughing on the way to the bo-bo-bodega
EBT in hand, walking, blasting La Mega
I'm more the caliente type, eight points major
No minor, 97.1 is more my flavor
Maybe BBC Asian, they took that
Probably realized it's a bad move when they look back
Shook cats like an ethnic Mobb Deep with ours
Dancing in my room alone to "I got the power"
You might also like
And the white man get paid off of all of that

Oh shit!
Which one's the Indian?
Aryan, Dravidian?
Which one's Dominican?
Which one uses which idiom?
Which kid did the little ditty that go "Bidi bidi bom"?
Who's eatin' a Cuban sandwich in Caracas Venezuela
Writin' those rap tracks in Sanskrit?
Why he got a beard though? Weird yo
See him on the street slingin' gyros, wait gyros?
Seen him at the derby on pyro
With a crazy-ass look in his eyes yup
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
Wait one of 'em's black too?
I don't even think that that's true
Which one's the one with the Tongan bat tattoo?
Which one smacked the dude?
Which one got bopped?
Who got shot? Who shot ya?
Who shot you? Who shot who?
Who said they were everything but not you or something?
Who's daddy's little pumpkin?
Who wants the rest of these dumplings?
Who wants to do this supposedly fun thing?
Which one looks like Tony Leung from
Chungking Express but less sexy
Que significa "double pits to chesty"?
Let's see... uhh.. uhh.. uh.. uh.. never mind