I like 'em brown, yellow, Puerto Rican or Haitian
It really doesn't matter cause it's all the same and
Black boys, brown boys, blah blah blah
You give me your number, I call you up
Yo, you know who you look like? (aha ha)
You know who you look like? (aha ha)
You know who you look like? (DR)
You know who you look like? (Yeah, yeah)

Now shorty said I look like Carlos Mencia
Like Carlos Mencia?
Fuck Carlos Mencia
I said take notice, and ma please focus
I look like him, but mixed with George Lopez
Shorty said I look like Mario Lopez
With no lats, and no traps and no pecs
And no abs
Shorty said I look like Cro-mag-
Non man, that's a cave man
She told me I was racist at the rave, man

Yeah shorty said I look like a Cro-mag too, man
She said I'm half Rasta, half pasta, no Ragu, man
Shorty said I look like Slash with no hat on
She asked if I had a spot where we could get our smash on
Shorty said I look like Devendra Banhart
Shorty said I look like that dude from Japan's art
You know the dude that did the Kanye album covers
Shorty said I look just like Egyptian Lover
You might also like
Yeah, we was kicking it
I said "You chillin, ma?"
Shorty said I look like a chubby Jake Gyllenhaal
I said, this ain't "Brokeback"
And I'm a broke mack
Type so hard, I'm now typing on a broke Mac
Book Air, well girl you look here
I look real fly
And we fly high
I'm like the Latino cop on CSI-I-I

Shorty said I look like the guy
Who did that song "La Bamba"
What was his name? Ay-carumba!
I don't even know, shorty wanna do the rumba
I said that was dumb, thu
Wait, shorty said I look like Osama
Plus Obama, minus the drama
Shorty wanna meet my momma
Shorty said I look real calm
And maybe I got good karma

I like 'em brown, yellow, Puerto Rican or Haitian
It really doesn't matter cause it's all the same and
Black boys, brown boys, blah blah blah
You give me your number, I call you up
Yo, you know who you look like?
You know who you look like?
You know who you look like?
You know who you look like?
Shorty said I look like Aditya Pancholi, Chunky Pandey or Deepak Tijori
Maybe John Abraham or Shahrukh Khan
Amitabh Bachchan, Salman Khan
Amir Khan, Kader Khan
Genghis Khan or Irrfan Khan

I just wanna eloheinu all night long
Shorty said I look like the dude from the Passion of the Christ
Jesus Christ
Shorty said I smell like beans and rice
Shorty said I look like the dude from the Passion of the Christ
Yeah, shorty said it twice
Shorty said I was nice
Yeah, shorty bit my ear like Mike Tyse
Shorty said I look like Bob Weisz
Shorty said I look like Swizz Beats but like
Minus the ice
Shorty said I'm nice, yeah shorty said it twice

Shorty said I look like Shaun Bridgmohan
I said maybe I might just look like just Mohan
Broham, or maybe Rohan
Shorty said the ninja that she with ain't this
And shorty said I act like a gay David Banner on acid
Shorty said I look like I work in a garage
Shorty said I'm Turtle from Entourage
And she looks like Sloan
And when we bone
Shorty don't say much, shorty just moan
And that's cause I'm a freak, yo
Shorty said I look like Richard Grieco
Grieco or Greco?
Shorty said I look like Art Deco
Shorty said I look like the gecko from the Geico commercials
Plus the caveman too, she hurt me

She hurt you too, man?

She hurt a lot of fools
Oh my god she did a lot to a lot of fools
Shorty said I look like the dude who cuts her roses
She forgets his name but she supposes it was Moses
Wait, Moises?
Shorty asked why all the boys-es from all those places have such strange names and faces
I told her das racist
I told her das racist
I told her das racist
I told her das racist
I told her das racist, she likes me cause I'm tasteless
I gave her bracelets and we hit it in her momma's basement
Adjacent to her gay sister's dark room
Shorty says I look like a cartoon
Like a dude throwing a harpoon at a whale and shit

I like 'em brown, yellow, Puerto Rican or Haitian
It really doesn't matter cause it's all the same and
Black boys, brown boys, blah blah blah
You give me your number, I call you up
Yo, you know who you look like?
You know who you look like?
You know who you look like?
You know who you look like?

Aha, ha
Aha, ha