Freeze! Motherfucker, I'm ill, fuck a fuckin' deal
Spit it how I feel, cooking up a meal
Before I make a mil', I'm a take a pill
Red pill, blue pill, tell me how you feel
(Motherfucker, I'm ill) Never lost in the sauce
Paid the cost to be the boss
(Motherfucker, I'm ill) For real, cold as a ice box
I get it in every day like white socks
And I'm on the come-up like the right stock
And I eat MCs like livestock
So when the heat on, mufucka I chill
You know why? Cause (motherfucker, I'm ill)
So please pay attention to the moves made
Either that or fall off like a toupee
Or something like the end of a new day
Cause life's a gamble, Russian roulette
If you got the juice, please don't spill
But I'm good (Motherfucker, I'm ill)
Keep on tracks I kill, me a murderer?
(Motherfucker, I'm ill)
And this shit right here, call it history
Make the king disappear, officially
I'm here to claim the hill, get jacked like Jill
Cause mother-mother-mother-motherfucker I'm ill
(No, Please!)
You might also like
I'm real sick, Vic V-A-Z
Kool AD, behave, please, pay me
Fed Ex man move tree unbeknownst to he
Bag it up, grocery, supposedly
(Motherfucker I'm ill) At least that's what they tell me
Sheesh, for real, smell me? (Motherfucker I'm ill)
Who am I to say they don't smell what they smell, B?
Grace like Kelly, taste like jelly
Laced like Melly Mel, oh welly-well
It's shelly-toed, spaghetti ropes, Anne Geddes green smokes
Plus smoke gross curry, my celly blows up frequently
But I don't hurry cause (Motherfucker I'm ill)
Don't worry I got this
25 milli Double-A Hotchkiss
No-fly zone, the clouds is my home
I'm grown, I like to do things on my own terms
See me with worms and rhizomes
Hecka psychotropical, cop a view
How that rockin' you, by the way? (Motherfucker I'm ill)
I'd a rock you like a hurricane, I'm a scorpio, man, eh
(Motherfucker I'm ill)
Sippin' on the 'tussin and huggin' the crill
Like what a whale eat, no fail, feet
No kale, meat, no braille, glasses
Grasses, for masses, with they silly asses (Motherfucker I'm ill)
And this spot look like the Foot Clan hideout
Kool A.D., Kass, Heems alone gettin' fried out
We ride out, slide out, white out with the cousins, nice
One take wasn't enough, now we buzzin' like twice
No conundrum, your bars straight hum-drum
Young Cocoa Butter, something like an old tum-tum
A blocka blocka like Grandfather Mori Tanaka
Tatonka, Chief Rocka (Motherfucker I'm ill)
Always get the pussy cause I tell 'em that I'm Spanish
I'm out this world, a brother from another planet
Rest in peace, Dio, ay dios mio
And you can keep Weezy, please free P though
How dare you question his trends?
And what he brought to the table?
More than a plate, paintings
Prodigy more Picasso than Schnabel
But free Weezy too, though, and Max B, too, yo
Free the whole prison system, what they did to you, bro?