Drop that.. what?
Uhh, Sisqo, Associates, T.R
You feel this, what the deal?

You knew I wasn't faithful from the jump so don't front
Like I was quit acting up bugging
Since when we been messing, flexing
Love has been good no doubt
But now trying to get me on lock down
Trying to figure out what I'm all about If I'm going out
Who I'm chilling with, what I'm dealing with?
Just can't, just can't handle it
You're not my girl and I'm not your man
I'm a tell you again so you understand
I'm not trying to be caught in, I'm not moving
Not budging not trying to get stuck in something I can't get out of
If you thought twice shorty then I doubt ya
Need to get off of my back
Your line to tight need to cut me some slack
So let go

Can I live? Can I breath?
Inhale exhale get off of me
What I do? Where I be? Who I see?
You follow me What is this?
Can I live? Can I breath?
Inhale exhale get off of me
Give me privacy
You might also like
Met you in the club you was bumping
Drunk as hell off the Henny with the thugs and smoking something
I saw you wit your girlfriend acting like you're cousins
But cha really wasn't
Plus I caught you with the horny face and I loved it
So I took you to the crib for some fucking
Touching, hugging, lotta rubbing
Few hours later Not busting
I hollered at you 'cause your body was right
And I stayed smashing 'cause the shit was tight
What was your plot coming here tonight?
If you thought it was sweet, it ain't not tonight
I won't go that route, it is not my life
I'm a baller you a dick, you need to get it right
Stuck in my ways now why you testing me
Need to stop stressing me you can't handle it
Cheers and the memory

Can I live? Can I breath?
Inhale exhale get off of me
What I do? Where I be? Who I see?
You follow me What is this?
Can I live? Can I breath?
Inhale exhale get off of me
Give me privacy
Meet them, love them, bust them, leave them
That is just the way I treat them
I don't owe ya a type of reason
Not my girl so I'm not cheating
Never ever, ever will be
I don't care don't have to feel me
Nothing's changed from the beginning
This is the end so be it

T.R., oh, oh
I look and see a girl that I feel fatally attracted
Ain't trying to go home to the smell of old rabbits
That's why we going to chill till I instill it in your cabbage
The meaning of your space and to clarify your status
You ain't my Gina and I ain't your Martin
So chill with that crazy bullshit that you sparkin'
Pagin' off the hook like you bent off of Henrock
Replies in your signature smothering my inbox
Call all the time but never saying nothing
You for now when you call boo, you get the end button
I never understood you ain't in the woods hunting
So why you keep binoculars and like a cuffing
You gray baring me nah better yet fuck that boo
You scaring me talk you want to marry me
Nah go stalk another nigga
I ain't grievin' is a reason why I'm pullin' out the scissors
Now bounce, bounce
Can I live? Can I breath?
Inhale exhale get off of me
What I do? Where I be? Who I see?
You follow me What is this?
Can I live? Can I breath?
Inhale exhale get off of me
Give me privacy
Give me privacy!

Whoa whoa, we out
Sisqo, another one