Yeah, wassup?
So, I know you know this dude
So, I need you to talk to me and just tell what's goin' on
You know what I'm sayin'?
Woman to woman, I think it's only fair
I already know
So just let me know, you know what I'm sayin'?
What you know?

It's goin' around, ya'll been doin' your thing
And no matter what I say, it's not gonna just change things
See, I wanna know
No one wants to be cheated on
Can you just keep it real with me, woman to woman?

You got me (Got me like the feds, checking on evidence)
Checking out where you've been
What you've been doin' with her
So can we keep it real
I wanna know everything
So girl, tell me everything
I ain't really trippin'
But I gotta know whats going on?
See Keyshia Cole LiveGet tickets as low as $44You might also like
Girl, I've been in this here long enough
See, I've been doing this here long enough
So I'ma tell you where I stand, I gave my heart to this man, hey
He never mentioned he was in a situation
He told me I was his one and only, yeah (Yeah)
See, we gon' have to sit down, and figure this thing out, yeah
Yeah, you gon' have to tell me
I don't know why he wanna play me
And leave me in the blind
I thought we knew what we wanted to do

He got me, got me like the feds, checking on evidence
He got me checking out where you've been (Come on)
What you've been doin' with her
So can we keep it real?
I wanna know everything
So girl, tell me everything
I ain't really trippin'
But I gotta know what's goin' on?

We had a home together
He said it would last forever
And no matter what, no one would ever break us up
No-oh (No one, no one, no one)
And he got his clothes over here
We've been building this life for years (Say a word)
Ain't no ups and downs, he even stayed at his mamma's house
Even talked about having kids

Got me like the feds, checking on evidence (Got me, yeah, yeah)
Checking out where you've been
Come on
What you've been doing, with her
So can we keep it real?
I wanna know everything
So girl, tell me everything (Tell me everything, yeah)
I ain't really tripping
But I gotta know what's going on?

See, woman to woman, I know it ain't right
Looked me in the eyes and lied a thousand times
I can't believe he did this to me
I gave him my heart, so what's it gonna be?
So what'cha, so what'cha, so what'cha gonna do?
So what'cha, so what'cha, so what'cha gonna do?
So what'cha, so what'cha, so what'cha gonna do?