Hey Yo! This is Craig G (this is Craig G!)
Know what I'm saying? (know what I mean?)
And Hip-Hop right now? (right now?)
We got to take it back (we got to take it back)
You know? Huh!
With all that gun talk (all that gun talk)
All that bad boy talk (bad boy talk)
, yeah

In China, 96 was the year of the rat
A lot of snakes up in this music game's agreeing with that
It's not what you know, or who you know
But where to go, when they point that finger (ha!)
Remixed your first single with an R&B singer
That's about to be lead to pasture with a name that lingers
On the casino strip, play like  chips (uhuh)
(Welcome to the game!) Your contract ain't shit!
But you was bragging, tail wagging (Yo dog, I'm going platinum!)
And when he hit the stage the crowd laughed right at him
No credentials, don't stay on beat with instrumentals
No potential, this boy don't know jack about essentials
And takes the rock to party grab mics and drop a body
And rap combat, with that wack format
Of verbs and syllables that you call a rhyme
I'm before your time, plus ahead of your time (ha)
And instead of a rhyme, this chorus will crush you
And all you shitty rappers I'ma flush you
Welcome to the game, ha!
You might also like
Welcome to the game with the guns that flame (yeah)
And the clothes with the name is the word for the game (hey yo, welcome to the game)
Everybody's tough and real quick to bus' in
They lyrics sound just like a murder brigade (welcome to the game, ha)
Welcome to the game with the guns that flame
And the clothes with the name (hey yo) is the word for the game (hey yo)

Hey yo
This be the one you've been waiting for (this be the one you've been waiting for)
That top notch verbalist to come kicking down your door (ha!)
Coming with that uncut pure, plus raw
Without a single second of claiming hard-core
To be that as a crutch, MCs, I split the dutch
And commence to dropping lyrics that'll leave you fucked up
What's up, you're puffed up
You chest and got Fs
On your report card
'cause your shit ain't fresh
Bought a vest, dressing in guess (yeah!)
Packing an eagle
But battling me
On the mic' I wouldn't be you
I'll see you and raise you ten
Let's begin
Your label got you gassed and you meeting your end
I'll have you screaming "Oh" like the 4 Non Blondes
Evaporating, decapitating your head and your arms
(Ring the alarm) like Tenor Saw
Huh! Because I'm sure
Rappers will never doubt these skills no more (for real?)
For real then?
Let's set it off
On your block or in your building, huh
And call your children
Because your dreams of kicking rhymes got crushed
Like I said before, son, you get flushed
Welcome to the game, ha
Welcome to the game with the guns that flame
And the clothes with the name is the word for the game (hey yo, welcome to the game)
Everybody's tough and real quick to bus' in
They lyrics sound just like a murder brigade (hey yo, welcome to the game)
Welcome to the game with the guns that flame (yeah yeah)
And the clothes with the name is the word for the game (hey yo, welcome to the game)
Everybody's tough and real quick to bus' in
They lyrics sound just like a murder brigade

Hey yo
Substantial mind elevation is what
Enters my brain when this beat circulating
And be percolating, like Maxwell House
Plug up my microphone and then attack y'all slouch
MCs, roam with the breeze
This is world war 3
Better buy your last rhyme but come destroying the trees
Woke up yesterday, decided that you could be a rapper
Pick up a microphone and live happily ever after
But yo you didn't know
You talk too much
In some backwards town telling people I suck
When I entered stage left, you were scared to death (nah nah man, I was only messing with your mind man, for real)
Started coming out your mouth trying to catch your breath
But I wasn't there for no violent confrontation
The instrumental dropped, with no hesitation
Battle time. Yeah! Better get prepared
He dropped the mic' and jetted; he was scared (sucker) yeah

Welcome to the game (welcome to the game) with the guns that flame
And the clothes with the name is the word for the game (welcome to the game, ha)
Everybody's tough and real quick to bus' in (yeah yeah)
They lyrics sound just like a murder brigade (a yeah yeah, welcome to the game, ha)
Welcome to the game with the guns that flame (a yeah yeah)
And the clothes with the name is the word for the game (a yeah yeah, welcome to the game, ha)
Everybody's tough and real quick to bus' in (hey yo, yo)
They lyrics sound just like a murder brigade (yo, hey yo)
(huh)

I'm sick of it (it's like that)
All you fake MCs (what's up)
No skills, no dues