First and foremost, bring up anything that's past tense?
Y'all suckin' mad dick!
I got three words only: "I'm back, bitch!"
Ready to blast clips, mid-battle if son move me
Soon as Geechi Gotti recorded, bust toolies
And burn double G on cam' like "Fuck Gucci!"
BANG!
Empty the clip then switch the lead on you
BANG!
Now this Crip is dead on you
It's an end for blue when I put this infrared on you
BANG!
Chess back and that nigga rappin'
Don't try to test the goons in the back of this nigga rappin'
Cause my OG's "GO" don't happen to get it backwards
I can't tame my niggas, they actually be savage
None of my Animals Channel-ed; National Geographic
I got a couple hit men for the cash they'll leave you blasted
They don't even make it hot, they casually will blast it
Niggas askin' all these questions like, have I shot a nigga?
I keep that pro low (Polo) G
I cap a lotta niggas
We in Florida so he thinks shit's safe
Wait, if I let his brains hit the floor it'll (Florida) never leave the state
Yo! Guess what?
I'm insane, my brain kinda messed up
Rum Nitty, this ya man? Y'all all gettin' eff'ed up
I dump mine, crunch time, every shot drop in 4th Quarter if Chess clutch
Regret what?
I done came to this stage and messed up
But I told y'all I was the Best, Man why would I not give him more, is Chess nuts? (Morris Chestnut)
Ya set what?
Oh it's blue you bang
Well I'm neutral, but niggas know I move with the moving gang
Run me off what block? You won't move a thang
But if I do leave, dude please, don't think it's cool to hang
Cause soon as I spin back you gon' hear somethin' boom or rang (boomerang)
Headshot, let it burn his face; Gucci Mane
Poppa callin', turn the cal' to his mom; Pootie Tang
I ain't tryin' to get to know ya hoe
I'm just want ya boo for brain
Get her number and stick my log in (login), I won't even use her (user) name
You'se a lame, is that why you mad dude?
Niggas be yappin' and I just be laughin' my ass off
But(t) if he happens to chat more, I put the can' to his mouth like that was the last straw
I dare you to flex Aak, niggas be thinkin' I'm light
But if we fight, pussy  you will get dropped
Gotti got bundles
Well Chess givin' out fades, nigga we could run a unisex shop
I wanna see if Gotti a shooter cause y'all be talkin' like this Crab finna buck it
Well how's he holdin' back? Everything in this barrel like crabs in a bucket
Niggas bust it, reach, grab, and untuck it
If he doesn't, I'll beat his ass just for bluffin'
Stay close to a big ratchet like the taxes is comin'
At one point, if it wasn't rap it was hustlin'
Youngin' in the trap wit' this Magnum I'm clutchin'
.22 on the shelf, one stashed in the bucket
.38 in the dresser, two straps out in public
Reheatin' ya Micky D's, that MAC in the oven
And that ratchet under the-
Nah nigga she on the bed like, "I don't care if wifey catchin' us fuckin'"
You have to be fuckin' kiddin' me, this nigga is basic
Yo cuz, I got love for the Crips as a nation, but don't get me mistaken
I'll still clear out a whole neighborhood like gentrification
Cause he rollin' in a wheelchair after I squeeze the thing
BAOW!
This rich Crip will (cripple) be lookin' like Stephen King
"Rich Crip", "Stephen King"
They say this is my third strike like I ain't never played well
Nigga any time I didn't win, I beat myself, I don't ever take L's
Niggas sleep, but I could make this picture (pitcher) better; Blake Snell
Tampa Bay finna witness the Devil raise Hell
Cake Lyfe!
Cause we cake livin', make him bleed like he ain't Crippin'
(Body after body after body, I'm shape shiftin'!)
Nah, there's more in the clip so I'm sparkin' it at you
Chess piece on Gotti like his Arsonal battle
I'm shape shifting
Fuck outta here
Rap!
You might also like
Aye see that round was cool, but these people came to see me bang the toasters
Aye, y'all seen he took them chains off before the battle
Cause even his chains was chokers
Nigga you'se a choke artist
What the fuck? Is you special needs or somethin'?
I think you a coke head Chess
Nah, I ain't sugar coatin' shit wit' him
Everybody in the buildin' think the reason you keep forgettin' ya lines
Cause you way too busy sniffin' 'em
I can see the bitch in him
You ain't ready kid, back of the head wit' the shotty
Fall forward, end up lyin' on his dick
He ain't fucked but he said he did
This nigga Chess a kid
Boy I'm grown as fuck
If I pull up, lift somethin' and dip, I ain't tryin' to tune you up
I up the sticks
I draw on him, it ain't Etch-A-Sketch
Them bald heads rollin' out ain't no Professor X
I'll kill you, then bury you where only ya mother can find you
We know how much she treasure Chess (chest)
Hold up, I'ma make a mess of Chess and it's they fault
Knock you down and step on the body, that's a Cake walk
The K spark, you catchin' an L tonight
Chess Faceoff, we just tryin' to sell the fight
I got homies in the cell for life
My nigga said, "Aye. Before we lay it down", he always pray for a nightmare
I said, "I don't get that. Can you be clear?"
He said, "Gotti there's nothin' worse than havin' a good dream only to wake up and still be here."
Now let's be clear
I'm here to strangle you to your last breath
I need to see ya eyes bubblin'
How you live is how you go, it's only right, you gotta die strugglin'
The .9 gunnin' him
Y'all gon' see the lead pop like blaow
Docs tryin' to figure out how his chest (Chess) leakin' from a headshot
I got red dots on two straps, yeah I got the hook up
Both arms make sure Chess (chest) hit the flo', they proper push ups
Who the fuck booked us?
They know what I do, this mo' for you
You better come with ya best shit cousin
This battle gon' decided whether we see more of me or less Chess (chest); that's a breast reduction
You was big stage, now we Born Legacy
Known for potential but always chokin', you got a Born legacy
Matter of fact, my nigga lost his new born (Nuborn), he was big stress
He couldn't understand how you could die when you ain't get to live yet
A week later they ran in his house and killed him
Ironic, they both had a crib death
What it is Chess?
This is all bars, I don't do personals
I just go to work on you
Cause once you dead, everybody gon' know the dirty on you
I'll put a hurt on you
Hit Chess wit' 10
Imagine how much his man caught
Chest shot, yeah you get a pacemaker for all that damn talk
So this time when the heart (Hart) get screwed it ain't McMahon fault
I let the cans off
Man I went on a rampage the day them boys shot me
It's sad to say but, I put a bunch of black faces on shirts, they gonna wanna boycott me
How ya boy top 3
I done been through all kinda shit
Niggas made I wouldn't let jail break (jailbreak) me like a Firestick
I'm fire bitch
If you catch me wit' the AK just know it ain't a toy
I'ma get to choppin' on Chess (chest); bitch I'm the Nature Boy
(WHOOO!)
I'm talkin' Ric Flair, I'll let the whole clip flare
DNA was supposed to get this headshot
I wouldn't give a fuck where his brains land
I got rid of T-Top and Shine, killin' his squad was the game plan
So after this body I'm comin' back for the X (ex), I'm a changed man
Niggas thought, cause I was outta town that I couldn't be strapped? That'll get 'em all shot
I'm in Tampa wit' a big ass .40; Mike Alstott
You all talk, but I know you ain't really cut from that cloth
Get a full body cast, he can't move 'til he cut from the cloth
I'm dustin' him off
Yeah cause the headshot will leave him dead
Nah his brain dead but his body still livin'
I can only imagine how this shit gotta feel cause
His soul's still on Earth, I just sent his Knowledge to God; Hip Hop Is Real
Now I ain't got no chill
Cause when the Glock pull, give 100 shots to him
Code word was "Halloween"
(What that mean?!)
Y'all gon' see a sheet covered the kid, his mama can't afford a costume
And when it's real, y'all can tell, y'all can see it in his eyes
Go 'head it's yo turn, make niggas believe them lies
Nigga time
He just said a round full of some stupid shit
Y'all remember Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo?
Yeah nigga you'se (use) a bitch
You know a gigolo when you use a bitch and he's a bitch
Nigga, you'se a bitch!
And so are the chumps in ya lil' posse
All of them niggas is punany
You finna die from this Cake like Kevin Hart in Jumanji
If I gun butt you nigga, ya bitch get it too; try me
Get whip wit' this .4 and (foreign) the same for ya Boo; Gotti
Wait, wait, if you Gotti, then which one of these niggas is Sammy The Bull, Gotti?
You got the answers? Cause I'm kinda confused Gotti
Cause the real one was born in the south Bronx
Shit I prolly got some old heads that honestly knew (new) Gotti
But this? New Gotti, whole team full of Salvatore Gravano's
His crew sloppy
So whoever you around just move prolly
I'm sure some'll rat, and lift ya head up when you fuckin' rap
Talkin' 'bout "When it's real you can tell, you can see it in they eyes."
Nigga you gotta look me in mine first to be the judge of that
Pussy!
Niggas be puttin' on the toughest acts, enough of that
Thunder clap
Oh, y'all thought I forgot about them struggle raps
Nigga I was strugglin' so much
(How much?)
I started strugglin' in my fuckin' raps
But losin' people in real life durin' battles made me not even wanna rap
Cause I could come back from a loss, the ones I lost ain't comin' back
In my environment, all you see is a bunch of blacks killin' other blacks
And that's fuckin' wack
Cause it's a bigger problem at hand
And it's time we stand up to that
It seem like every other race in the community got unity, and we need ours
For instance, no soup for when ya peoples sick, but when they dead you wanna bring flowers
I'd rather see an op' than a cop, shit at least we know what they think 'bout us
Geechi, if you wit' it, I'm wit it
I'll team wit' the enemy just to go against these cowards
It's how we spoke about a unit, right?
Right?
Exactly so I'ma need y'all niggas to speak louder
And be prouder
Y'all wanna know why I still keep steel but preach power?
Cause in the Bronx the streets wild, but the police wilder
And I could be the next Anthony Myrie or Kalief Browder
But I'm on this stage, that's why I believe I'm special, cause I reached this level
Even though they tryin' to take down our people just for bein' rebels
Am I a hypocrite for talkin' how I blast kids and squeeze the metal?
When in reality I'd rather see this black man be successful
I'm sure you just wanna see ya niggas in Compton shine
Cause Cali ya home, well the Bronx is mine
I'm from Courtlandt Ave, my block been makin' legends since Karlton Hines
But this nigga, he be sayin' "Every bar" after every bar, like he really got some of the hardest lines
Watch this
I'll cut him, 'til the blade reach his brain, just to see which one of us got the sharper mind
Back to them heartless lines
Mafia? It's always mob ties 'til the mob get tied
Money on my head? That's how y'all respond?
Illegal parkin', I ain't hard to find
He let his man hype him, now he hospitalized
Tryin' to remember how to start his rhymes
He put a battery in ya back, now you hooked to a plug it's chargin' time
I want you to look yo' kill upon his eyes
So I unmasked wit' the metal and kid, you better pray his dawg solve this crime
Stay safe, today's date
Big .30, I March wit' mine
We got the drop, I'm sparkin' .9's
No GPS, I give you directions, just start the ride
Make a right, double left, now turn up, it's party time
Bang! Bang bang! 'Til his mans hit the floor
Have him dippin' off the block, we done ran some niggas off
Even kidnapped a couple, had to ransom niggas off
Like, "Give it all. You have 24 hours or deal is off."
Next mornin', we were choppin' the body, ya didn't call
Moral of the story, I'll do ya homie all greasy
I ain't talkin' Gorilla Glue when I'm smokin' on GG
Nigga they done put a soldier on Geechi
But I needed a fight so they done put a soldier on me B
They just wanted to see who wore (war) it the best like Polo or Fiji
Gutter language, I always been known to talk
Geechi, Cakes up
Wait fuck
We ain't gonna act like you niggas ain't down B
Well I'm back and I don't need none of these fake niggas around me
But if this nigga make this second a debatable round B
Fight Night, I bet the Champion ain't got nothin' on round 3
Cake Lyfe!
I'm disrespectful when I rap, so when I say some shit it's gon' hurt
Like, "I'll make yo' mama suck my dick wit' yo' battle on the screen"
(To see who choke first)
Wait hold up, hold up, hold on, I said that shit befo'
But this was different G
Cause yo' mama swallowed it all looked up and said, "He ain't get that shit from me."
I don't wanna hear no bars 'bout how you done chokin'
Knock it off
Every time this New York nigga claim it's a New Year he drop the ball
I know plenty niggas that would've loved to be in yo' shoes
A kid travellin' the world, everywhere you go they notice you
You was on B.E.T. and E.B.T., but somethin' just ain't sit right
So every verse about missed meals and clothes ain't right
How ya moms was broke, made you wanna quit life
Nigga ain't nobody takin' care of you forever, you supposed to hustle
You gettin' paid to rap since you was a kid, bitch you chose to struggle
Now if you wasn't gettin' paid to rap, that struggle shit, I prolly would've defended
But, you been up here rappin', lyin' to us 'bout some shit you could've prevented
Nigga you got paid to battle DNA, you got paid to battle Saga
Whatever money they gave you, you could've gave it to ya mama
You got paid for Ave, you got paid for Roc
Shit you could've got a pack, could've invested in a stock
Lil' nigga you could've did a lot
But that money you did nothin' wit'
At yo' age I had Smack, rock and the ave, bitch I was hustlin'
I'm talkin' heron, everybody gettin' stamps, man I'm the government
Man you was lovin' it
You was on the big stage since you was young
Mom's doin' her best, but to the fans her job ain't bein' done
Cause instead of you tellin' us how you don't handle yo' business
You rappin' makin' us think yo' mama the bum
How you proud to be her son, knowin' you make her look like that?
Tellin' us you ain't got bows in the crib, got us thinkin' she ain't really cook like that
You was embracin' the struggle, it was like you was comfortable wit' it
If I had to see my mama struggle, boy I would've had to get up and go get it
Fuck rhymin' 'bout it, would've been too busy grindin' out it
I'm talkin' rain, sleet, snow or it's thunderin'
Yeah you been rappin' 'bout strugglin' ya whole career
That's why ya whole career strugglin'
This a favor youngin'
I'm doin' this outta love
They gon' swear that it's hate
While I'm beatin' you the fuck up 'til you a vegetable Chess
I'ma make you a carrot, Cake
You been here befo' me, I may have showed up late
But I'm not a rook'
You see my career goin' forward straight moves, just know you still a pawn
I put this piece in front you, now you can't move
On this night (knight) any move you make it's an L
You facin' the best, basically what I'm sayin' is, stop playin' Chess
I'm bored (board) wit' games, that's why I don't play patna
Ask that Harlem nigga, they know I would've put Snake in the bag, I'm Jake Roberts
We didn't play Cops & Robbers, we only played Robbers
Wasn't no cops in my hood
Buncha single mothers, them shootouts made sure we had enough pops in the hood
Y'all seen what I did to Suge
Gave that boy the baddest beatin'
Ever since me and Shotgun been in the hole, it's rabbit season
No cartoons, this reality rap
Metal in his mouth, it ain't a cavity cap
Hold up, where I come from, niggas had to be strapped
Cause the streets poppin', chopper in his face
That's the K (decay) in his grill like the teeth rottin'
I'm from Compton, I don't give a fuck how niggas in New York bang
I'll let the blue spark flame, kill you
Cops deliver word to ya mother, it ain't New York slang
I'm dead ass, the .38 gon' have bro lid smokin'
All y'all gon' see is the Special bust (bus), this shit was short wit' the slow kids on it
Retarded shit, I don't rap struggle rounds, I ain't strugglin' bitch
Only time I struggle wit' rounds is when I got more than can actually fit in the clip
I'm finna trip
Cause even tho' them bitches jam
This TEC come in handy, I'll stretch out and blam him
Catch him in traffic, he in the two door? I still fit about ten in that bitch, it's a Mexican family
30 in the .40, I ain't got no problem lettin' it blow
Ashton Kutcher on the hip, bitch That 70's Show
I'm lettin' it go
It's all bad for the bro
As a kid playin' Eeny Meeny Miny Moe
Well tonight you get another tag on ya toe
I'll let it blam at his hoe
Tell ya bitch, don't make a fuckin' sound
He try to run, blucka, blucka blaow
Bullets hit her back, they comin' out her chest (Chess), they struggle rounds
And when it's real, you can tell
(You can see it in they eyes, go head make 'em try to believe them lies)
Nigga time

I said, .50 blazin'
Somethin' bust, over the stomach like titties hangin'
Geechi, let's see if you really bangin'
I have him standin' in front of the TEC (Tech) like this your Initiation
He was on that Initiation card wit' Tech
But that, was some bars from Chess
Was it my hardest?
(Yes)
Gotti, I ain't even get started yet
Oooh, it sound like I'm gettin' very consistent
They said I got a job to do, stay on top of it
I told 'em, "I'm missionary this mission."
Cause he the Champ and I'm the main contender
I'll spray this gayest nigga
Crush this fruit wit' a bullet like a baby blender
Think about it!
What kinda animal is this?
I'll skin him and make a mink up out it
Fuck around and make his face a shoe
That's only cause I see the snake in you
This guy dyin', 'til a grave where I'm lyin', I remain the truth
Party mode, my .38 is loose
So I hope I do much better wit' this 15, I'm tryin' to save the youth
Aim it, BOO
He had his colors around his neck when I sprayed him too
So I was shootin' through the crates like I made a hoop
That's struggle shit, but now it just fall out; baby tooth
You get a buck if you happen to fall out
What y'all 'bout? Cause I'm ill
True shit, I gave niggas the blueprints to like every rhyme skill
I brought back that smack, who Ready To Die feel
And that Zip 'Em Up nigga, wanna question if I kill?
BLOOOOD! I-
I know he remember that line still
Was actin' touch when I said it, but never would palm steel
Cause dude is a phony bruh, cubic zirconia, why you keep guessin' that Shine real?
Nigga I'm real
I guess that's why I tend to see (Tennessee) niggas different like Knoxville
I will not chill, I came for respect
Y'all gave me chance after chance after chan-
Well hey what the heck
I'ma take this one and make it the best
Y'all remember that Michael Jackson 'Thriller' GIF?
Exactly, y'all gon' always love me even though I was a pain in the neck
Pay me respect
Cause right now I smell Blood!
Wait, that ain't what he rep
He bangin' the left, so it won't be right when I do him wrong
Cause Gotti wit' the C's
You see Gotti, a bunch of blue is on
Button ups, custom Chucks, he really wear it like his uniform
BANG! Now he lookin' like the bottom of some Louie Vuitton's
You know what else is blue nigga?
The sky, that's where you belong
You ever had your home invaded wit' your toolies drawn?
That's the type of time my goons is on
They all G's (orgies)
If niggas from the X raided (rated) ya spot, don't think ya crib gettin' used for porn
In this game, I'm the king and you a pawn
They say they want that old Chess, nah, this my newest form
And I bet y'all hear the biggest fan, but he act Shady that's why I gotta leave him where he stand ('Stan')
Yeah, like stayin' down wit' the group I'm just keepin' it a bean
On my flight hand, I thought about sneakin' in the can'
But the TSA worker in New York would've check
Tryin' to get a gun through the airport will get this man caught in a sec'
So I just waited 'til I touched down and when I saw the connect
We got our hands on those still, Panther's home field
Nigga this a Florida TEC (Tech)
Boy gettin' stretched when that weapon is on him
{fake coughs}
This type of smoke will leave you coughin' to death, just dead in a coffin
And I'll leave that ugly black bitch Coffee in a coffin wit' him
Must've lost the biscuit
Actin' like I won't open this nigga mug then pour Coffee's in it
Junkies workplace; give the whore the business
And I did it outta spite
Niggas doin' all this wit' they lips but are you really tryin' to fight?
Aight, so don't act bold just stick to the script or get hit wit' a different type of right (write)
I spell "life" with a "y", why?
Because I live a different kind of life (Lyfe)
R.I.P. my nigga Doogie, he just left me and shit
Now he in Heaven and it got my heart heavy as shit
You know what he looked at the doctors and said on that hospital bed?
"I'm ready for this."
Bro I couldn't even begin cryin'
Real life, nigga you live yours but I live mine
You know how many niggas I got that's locked inside?
How many of my friends died?
Fuck a dead op', I done tried killin' my step pops
Wasn't just finna see him hit mom
Cause that shit just hurt, she went to work, I done witnessed the nigga sniff lines
Them drugs in his nose left me and my little brother exposed big time
And it hurt when I went to my mother and told
Cause all I could think about was him and my lil' sis' bond
Shit, at least he was dead, committed to him, all my pops did was commit crimes
Get high, then rob
I know a lotta niggas respect you blood but to yo' flesh and blood you ain't shit slime
I'm always tellin' myself, "We are not the same."
'Til I think about the niggas I did slime
And it makes me mad cause I only relate to dad through spend time
And we don't even spend time nigga
Come to think of it, he was fresh home every chance I tried
Cause most of my life he did time
So I couldn't see him, but that's okay cause mama helped me find my own way like Ray Charles when he went blind
And that's why you the shit ma
Cause you ain't never fold, so how the fuck could I quit mom?
I'm here to accomplish every goal
Smack, Chess is home, back to collect his throne
Skin complexion on 'Create A Player'
(It's time to set the tone!)
Cake Lyfe

Nigga you'se a bitch
And I'm a gang banger
See niggas know about that lifestyle, plenty of niggas done died from
It's fucked up when you think about it, probably got more dead homies than alive ones
True story: my nigga said, "You the Champ, start bein' mo' cocky. Gotta make them people feel you."
I said, "Nah I'ma keep it humble. They respect that more."
And to this day that statement still true
Cause after that we found him stabbed to death wit' this chest poked out
I kept tellin' him, "Too much pride'll kill you."
Nigga I don't feel you, cause you rap strugglin' rounds
And they like to gas it like a Citgo
You made a bowl out a bottle, that ain't shit bro
You ever been in a holdin' cell, had to use a tissue roll to make a pillow?
We all struggle, we come from where the rent low
No Dove soap, had to shower wit' the dish soap
Got shot, niggas askin' "What it hit fo'?"
No medical (metal Cal'), granny workin' on the bandage with Ace bandages and some Crisco
Listen to this though
If y'all seen him fuckin' up, why you ain't sit him down?
This shit ain't easy, I did shit this mornin' I can't remember now
I done been shot, couple of them bullets still in me
I'm just sayin', even the doctor can forget a round
Now listen, at 15 you was on SMACK doin' big things
At 15 I was just tryin' to make it to 16
At 16 you was rappin', that's an actual fact
At 16, only shit I was rappin' (wrapping) was rags around a strap
Whatchu know 'bout that?
50 clip, too big ain't no tuckin' that bitch
I done seen so many deaths I don't cry, I just send a prayer up and that's it
So much yellow tape in the hood, no wonder I feel like we be stuck in that bitch
When the cops come, we use the bitches to hide guns
Forced to grow up fast, they always said we might die young
Do you get that?
I was taught if ya homeboy snitch, you gotta kill him, ain't no such thing as love homie
Now what if y'all was real close?
I said, "I'll prolly just stand back so I don't get his blood on me."
If I got a gun on me, I'ma hold court in the street, I ain't sittin' in front of no judge homie
I'd rather die than do life
I learned that at an early age, it was a no brainer
Barb wired fences or some pearly gates
Where I'm from, you gotta practice what you preach
A gang of niggas talk heavy, but in reality they be weak
I'm the type to blow a nigga's brains out his mouth
Tell him, "Think before he speak."
You a young nigga, talkin' crazy
They askin', "Is you fiendin'?"
Put him to sleep, now they askin', "Is you dreamin'?"
Went to jail, you was drunk, say some shit you ain't mean it
That's cause y'all would rather drink the fifth, I'd rather plead it
I really mean it
These young niggas be worried about wearin' J's and new shoes comin' out
Big cuz was in the SHU, he ain't know when he was comin' out
I got put on that 12, caught a case at 16
This shit ain't a movie, at that age you was sparrin' wit' Steams
At that age, sharing bars wit' my niggas meant we was in juvie
I remember duckin' shots from the Uzi
Yeah, bullets movin' so fast, all you can do- you can't even run, just gotta get low
Everything gets slow
All you hear is the whistle...the Andy Griffith intro
And for ya info, my respect in the streets and my name, it mean a lot
I'm respected by the shooters and the niggas that I shot
I prolly only feel bad for they mamas after I blast dudes
Thinkin' to myself like, "Hell if I would've missed him. She wouldn't have to."
I'll really blast you
You can't walk a mile in my shoes
This shit a journey, I done seen a gang of niggas turn up dead; Weekend At Bernies
Aye respect Smack, but fuck the DVD era
The first battle I ever saw was my lawyer versus a district attorney
Real shit, is the only shit that concern me
How a face shot will have him lookin' crazy on the set
Nina a home wrecker, it's the reason his head separated from his neck
I do this shit for respect
Cause I done seen the streets change a lot of niggas
I'm talkin' 'bout how a gunshot can really turn the realest nigga fake
They said, "He was always known for speakin' the truth."
BAOW!
Why he right here lyin' in my face?
They labeled us Menace II Society cause we had to kill to live
No job we had to rob just to feed the kid
Yeah I gangbang, but that shit more than lettin' the can' bust
So way before that Jordan Peele movie, society didn't understand Us
And when it's real, y'all can tell, y'all can see it in they eyes