Because this Sex Symbol is getting pussy and is ugly motherfucker. Because all you have to do is sing, its something about singing that is the business, you sing, women go crazy
Because, Mick Jagger is an ugly motherfucker! with big ass lips!
Mick Jagger's lips are so big, black people be going:
"You got some big ass lips!"
"These some big motherfucking lips!"
But he's singing! and you sing you'll get over
Luther Vandross is a big Kentucky Fried Chicken eating motherfucker
But he put that shit up like....

And women go "Ahhhh!"
Sing! that's all you got to do is sing
Michael Jackson, who can sing, and is a good looking guy. But ain't the most masculine fellow in the world. That's Michael's hook, his sensitivity!
That's when women be sayin:
You might also like"Michael's just so sensitive..."
And they eat that shit up. Mike knows
He be using women. I've seen Mike walk up to a girl and they'd be in the audience and say:
"Is it allright if I come down there to sing to you..."
And women go: "Whaaaaa!"
Then, if you don't scream, Michael gets really sensitive and cry on your ass. Ever hear that record "She's out of my life"?
"So, I've learned that love's not possession
And I've learned that love won't wait
Now, I've learned that love needs expression
But, I've learned too late"

"Tito, give me some tissue."
"Jermaine, stop teasing."
I'm just saying...I like dudes with masculine voices, like Teddy Pendergrass. Teddy just comes out, takes the lyrics and:
"You got, you got, you got what I need!"
And scare the bitches that are liking him
That motherfucker's crazy, throw your panties on the stage. That's whats happening. I like Elvis Presley!
Really I give credit where credit is due. When Elvis was young, he was a bad motherfucker. He was vicious. Sing his ass off. He sang so good, they let him do movies, he couldn't act
They said:
"Fuck it! Let him sing all his dialogues!"
"Elvis, we got to win this race!"
"We got to win this race...."
"Elvis, want some lemonade?"
"Lemonade, that cool, refreshing drink...."

Let him sing 'till he was older too, Elvis was 42 years old. Remember right before he choked. He would come out, his stomach was all fat and shit...and his butt be sticking out and shit...looking like he had to shit, out walking on the stage like this...
"I've lived a life that's full
I've traveled each and every highway
And more, much more than this"
"Excuse me."