I got love... I got love...
I got love... I got love...

I got love - I, got, love, for, my homies who be rollin' with me
Play no game - play, no, games, 'cause, ain't nobody playin' with me
I got love - I, got, love, for my niggas on my family tree
I got love - love for the ghetto, down for whatever
If you was down before, then you still gon' be down with me
I got game - I, got, game, 'cause, the game was given to me
Say my name - say, my, name, 'cause, ain't nobody tighter than me
Give it up - give, it, up, if, you like the way I'm rocking this beat
I don't know - know nothin' better, chasin' my cheddar
If you in love with a whore -- you ain't never listened to me

Wah-ooooh, ooooh, oooh, oooh oooh oooh oooh oooh
Wah-ooooh, ooooh, oooh, oooh oooh oooh oooh oooh
Wah-ooooh, ooooh, oooh, oooh oooh oooh oooh oooh
Wah-ooooh

Captain save - cap-tain, save, a, hooker 'cause she hangin' on me
She can't hang - she, can't, hang, 'cause I ain't lookin' fo' a wifey
Just in case - just, in, case, I, better take a weapon with me
And these hoes - hoes keep cover, down for whatever
If she stress me some more, I have to leave her dead in the street
Run me how? Run, me, how? 'Cause, haters they be all in the mix
And they know - where, they, go-in, ain't gon' get no better than this
Can't they see? Can't, they, see, we, ain't some niggas they wanna diss?
D.P.G. - though I'll love a trick never, treat a bitch never
I told you before, so you better not be fuckin' with me
You might also like
Wah-ooooh, ooooh, oooh, oooh oooh oooh oooh oooh
Wah-ooooh, ooooh, oooh, oooh oooh oooh oooh oooh
Wah-ooooh, ooooh, oooh, oooh oooh oooh oooh oooh

Platinum chains - plat-inum, chains, is, all you ever see on my neck
Diamond ring - dia-mond, rings, as, long as I can keep her in check
All the same - all, the, same, as, long as you don't ever forget
I was taught in the ghetto, wear the tight bellow
If she head for the stash, I always got this pistol with me
Constantly we bustin' to a hell of a beat
Then we came - then, we, came, 'cause, the bass'll knock you off of your feet
Just that deep - just, that, deep, I, betcha we be movin' ya feet
Voice kinda mellow, place from the ghetto
If you still want some more, go and get the fuckin' CD

I got love... I got love...
I got love... I got love...