WHAT? WHAT? WHAT? WHAT? WHAT? WHAT?
HUH?!
Oh nothing, just wondering what it is you're doing...
Why it is you're doing that whatever it is you're doing
Oh yeah?
WHY? WHY?
I dunno
It just doesn't seem like something you'd be doing
I mean, you of all people, ha!
Know what I mean?
Yeah I know it's been bugging you since the day I was born, huh?
I asked my friend Anne about it
I said
"ANNE, ANNE, ANNE, what am I supposed to do, huh?
It's been bugging them since the day that I was born."
She said, "Do whatever the hell you want to do!
Now is the time where you can do anything!
Everything you do, anything is still gonna turn out great
I mean, you've got the world at your feet."
I never claimed to be different
I only said I was bored and she's tired of your uniqueness
It sends her over head first
Then the rest of her follows
The breath of life
It never left her hollow
You might also like
I can do everything, she said, she said with a smile
And I can go anywhere tonight, cause I'm with Anne
Anne, Anne, Who? Anne, dagnabbit!
Island princess girl with the juice
Ooh, what have we here?
Oh, I see she brought along with her her whole uptown contingent
First there's Jonny, he always loves a party
He's followed by Vinnie, who's feelin' kinda skinny
He said, "Hey Anne, I'm starved! What you got to eat?"
She said, "Vinnie, you're always hungry, man! Get away from that fridge now!"
Here comes Lucy, she's feelin' really sexy
She's followed by her boyfriend who'd better not turn around
This time or he's bound to lose her
And followed by Jamilla, who's got the cream soda..

I can do anything I want, I tell you again
We can go anywhere tonight, cause we're with Anne

And we can do anything we want, we'll tell you again
We can go anywhere tonight, 'cause we're with Anne
Anne, Anne, Who? Anne, dagnabbit!
Island princess girl with the juice
Girl with the hots, hots for Ricky
Who would've thunk? Hey! Who would've thunk? Hey! Who would've thunk?
Anne, Who? Who?
Hey you guys! WHAT?
Anne! What's happening? Hey man!
Hey, Jack! What's goin' on?
Anne, dagnabbit, island princess
Island nabbit, I love Lucy