About cigarette smoking whittling your life away
I've seen it and I've heard it so many times
That finally it just started to prey on my mind
I guess it scared me a little bit
That's why I decided I was gonna quit
So while I was sitting here forming my battle plan
I took another puff and turned on the fan
I just sat there in my easy chair
And thought of all the money I'd wasted on cigarettes all these years
I thought how I'd spend the rest of my days
After I kick this habit my body craves
Said to myself this ain't gonna be so tough
With that little bit of assurance
I took another puff
I took a puff, a puff, then I ripped off another puff
I decided I'd about had about enough
That breaking this habit won't be too tough
Now I've give a lot of thought to this thing
If I didn't smoke cigarettes I'd feel just like a king
Besides with the price going up every day
I knew I was just throwing all my good money away
You know I ain't lit one in an hour or so?
Just wanted to make sure I could quit you know
I was thinking maybe I oughta write all this down
Put it in a song kinda circulate it around
Can't ever tell it might make a hit
And that redneck Hall did a little bit
Can you imagine me a hit songwriter!
Now where's... Where'd I put that cigarette lighter?
After all it's a habit and a habit you can break
Just a little bit of willpower son that's all it takes
I said to myself you got to be tough!
And with that little bit of wisdom
I took another puff
You might also likeI took a puff, and then a puff, then I finally ripped off another puff
And I decided boy this ain't gonna be tough
Besides I'd just about had enough
I'm about ready to quit this rotten habit anyway
Oh I think they ought to take it offa television
It looks too good! Ow!
I like them skinny ones with the filter
Oh give it to me! Give it to me!
Cigarettes... I say if I quit smoking what'll I do?
Maybe I'll eat
Yeah I'll eat cigarettes
Ahh, I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it I love it
Chester B don't smoke, he smokes logs!
Makes you laugh funny too
Oh my throat's scratchin', oh
I wish I could think of something bad to say about cigarettes
Boo on cigarettes, don't smoke don't smoke don't smoke
You quit smoking that'll leave more for me!
I love it I love it, no I don't love cigarettes ya know
Don't misunderstand me I hate cigarettes
Makes ya cough, and when ya don't smoke it makes ya shake
I don't know what's worse, the shake or the cough
I think I'll make me a coughshake, oh!
Son did you ever smoke?
Oh I remember one time I quit smoking
I quit for three months
My wife left me
So did my children
She took my house and left