Ah
Yo, I don't usually like light-skinned people, huh (I'm back, baby)
But this motherfucker here so raw, for sure (So raw)
On some real shit though
Rock City (Huh)
PTFAO, baby
That's our name, yeah
You know what, matter of fact
Grafitti, baby, haha
Chris Brown, what up, baby?
Who else you know can do it like us, man?
Hold up, Rock City
We got the boy Chris Brown
I know y'all gon' try to take our first song (Woah, woah)
He ain't singin' no motherfuckin' more (Biotch)
You know what?
Who else can do it like us, man?

I go by the name of young Chris Breezy
It's hard to see me (Why?) 'cause I'm fly as a plane and my swag is in 3D (Damn)
I do this in my sleep, in other words, it's really easy
New album comin' soon and I'm callin' it Graffiti (Yes)
They yellin', "Calm down Chris, please take it easy" (Easy)
I am takin' it easy, but they do not believe me (Oh)
Is it 'cause I'm gettin' this cash money like Weezy?
Ridin' in my Lambo' listenin' to Jeezy? (Oops)
I got a Spanish chica, all she wanna do is please me (I know)
So shawty got her face right above where my knees be (Haha)
Super freaky and I call her Flavor of Love
'Cause she's willin' to do anythin' just to be on the TV
Hot as ever and there's somethin' y'all should know
Told ya that I wasn't playin', so in I go (Go in)
Have you ever seen me and Rock City's live show?
All I gotta say is PTFAO
But enough about them, now it's back to me (Back to Brown)
I'm on my grind every day 'cause I gots to be (Let's go)
I'm on another level, homie, and it's sad to see
That I'm killin' it and I ain't even a rapper, B
VA where it all goes down
The home of Clipse, Missy, Trey Songz, and your boy Chris Brown
I gotta represent, homie, for my hometown
If you ain't know before, nigga, now you know now
While I'm at it, let me wave a Virgin Islands Flag (Ayy)
'Cause if I don't, Rock City's gon' get mad (You know, yeah)
I'm so fly that even when I'm not on a airplane
Homie, I be still gettin' jet lag
You might also like
You a foul motherfucka, boy
Yeah, that's just a little verse, man
I was just havin' fun
But I brought my homies (Hahaha)
All the way from the Virgin Islands
What dem say?
I like the way you did that
We goin' in, let's go
Let's go

Fresh off the leash, fresh off the streets (Okay)
Same timin' so I guess you can say I'm fresh off the beach (What?)
If there's five best rappers, homie, let's all compete
And if you ain't spittin' crack, step the hell off the beat (Biotch)
Whatever's your favorite song, most likely we wrote it (Haha)
If you hate me, you love me too and you even know it
My brother in the back yellin', "Please don't do it" (Don't do it)
But Chris Brown killed it, so I'm about to blow it
I'm a serial killer, microphone gorilla
2010 thriller, can't nobody do it iller (Yes)
I got a new name that you can call me instead of
Don't talk, refer to me as Mr. One Hell of a Nigga
Who you know do it bigger than me and Chris Brizzle?
The flow so cold like the mic is a popsicle
When I'm done, you gon' have to put the mic in the hospital
And I ain't even killed it, okay, maybe a little
Hold on, hold on, I'm buggin'
(VA up) Car keys
(VI up, haha) House keys
(We gon' do it big) Apartment keys
(We 'bout to crush everything) The Virgin Islands getaway keys
(I put that on my daughter) We a long motherfuckin' way from broke
(I put that on my sons) Got my homie Chris Breezy
(And I put that on my mama) And before I leave, you know what's up
Boy, what up? (PTFAO)
(Rock City)
I just like to talk shit, don't stop the beat (Graffiti)
The engineer was just like, "I need to stop the beat for you"
It's all good though (Y'all already know)
Y'all better remember where you heard it first (We tell 'em)
Chris Brown, Rock City
In my best Khaled impression (We got a lot of shit to come)
We the Best!
Shout out the homie Drake
Shout out to Trey Songz
Everybody in VA