Man, Soopafly, how you feel about these bitches?
(Fuck 'em)
You know what I'm saying?... But the pussy is good
(Yeah, it is nice)
Heh heh heh

I said - I said - I said it might sound crazy but I'm so in love with you
I said it might sound crazy but I'm so in love with you
*over chorus*
Daz, I'm glad you broke up with that bitch
Yeah, I know what time it is
You in love with me?!
Yeah baby, I'm in love with you
Check it out, baby
What's up?
I'm about clockin' dollars...
Hey, give me some
Handlin' my business and (hey, nigga) kickin' hoes to the curb
(break that bitch) after I get my thang and that's right
I know that's right, right, right, right
You might also like
Woke up one bright morning out some bomb ass cock
Feelin' like the man as I shake the spot
Freaked the girl named Tameka, made my bass thump deeper
My girl huntin' me down, paged a nigga on my beeper
As I continue to adjust the amps and bust the speaker
My girl paged again, and again, and again
As I'm diggin' out her mother's best friend
Askin' 'bout my kids, say they gettin' big
As we moan and dig
Fucked another - she was kinda thick but kinda slim
Freaky little thang named Kim
Askin' when we gon' engage in bomb sex again
I'm askin' her "when you gon' give me bomb head again?"
I mean she took me to her house
Worked a nigga straight, turned him out
Wanna know the freaky thangs that you talk about
I really wanna make it rough, make it soft, no doubt
If you wanna fuck, then we can turn it out
You in love

*over chorus*
(Baby, I want you to fuck my homegirl
Baby, you like the way I suck your dick, don't you
OOoohhh, you love the way I lick your balls)
Told Miss Harris it was too late to stop and too late to quit
I was lovin' that pussy while she was lovin' this dick
I was shovin' it in her while she was yellin' don't quit
I was diggin' her out, while I was suckin' her tits
She said - "Let's have a freaky, freaky, freaky type experience
That's very diff-er-ent, that's so magnificent"
She had a bad bad bitch named Spearamint
Thought she was the gum the way the bitch hummed
Let's get freaky tonight, let's get rolled
Let's get high as a kite, ya know
Baby gave a show, true indeed, the way she ate a niggas dick
I knew she was a pro, I knew she was a pro
I had a young tender that I'll always remember
Named Dana, needed dick just to tame her
Every two months. I'd telephone her ringer, just to bone
To come over at night when her man ain't home
I keep the weed just to keep her stoned, huh
And I'd fuck and be out 'fore dawn, huh
I gotta page from another homegirl named Shy
Baby loved to lick her tongue, holla, holla, an' give me some
Daz make a bitch cum like never before
Do it fast, do it slow - fuck me like you want it
Hittin' every little organ by her stomach
Stop back up, bitch who the fuck keep you cummin'...
And you know, sometimes the pussy still be callin' my name
And the pussy be like - ("Ooo Daz, keep me cummin'")
And I respond to the pussy like - "What's happenin'"
And you know Too $hort that's some real player shit

Nigga Daz is a real player

It's all the way hot

$hort Dog's in the house

Shit

Oh, you know I know these hoes

And you know that

I can't fuck with you, I need a bitch like Tracy
Got a good job, when she walks in the place, she -
Gets respect with them big-ass tits
She ain't no first date dick suckin' tramp ass bitch
I pick the winners, never get the wrong ones
Check me right now, I got a pocket full of phone numbers
She said "You wanna be a player all yo' life?
You'll never get a woman you can call your wife"
You see, Tracy got it going on, see her try to get wit' me
Her sister got my beeper number, keeps on hittin' me
Think I fucked her twice, long time ago
But now I like Tracy and she won't let go
I know a trick ass nigga might think it's scary
Will it come back on him if he gets married
I don't give a fuck about bitches in the past
Cause if I put it down, I'ma make the shit last
And get the cash, bitches always talkin' that love shit
No, it ain't happ'nin', tell me what's up bitch
Actin' like Michelle when I told her I missed her
She said I love you right after I kissed her
What she wanna say that for? - Not today
Niggas like us, you know we stuck in our ways
Ask Lisa or her niece huh, I never pay 'em money
Had a little freak by the name of Laid Lonnie
I live by the game, that's what I'm all about
The bitch started trippin' so we had to fall out
Think I'm supposed to pay, cause I got ends
I said "Fuck you bitch, and all your friends"
That's an everyday scenario, now here you go
Tryin' to be good to me, I can't feel it though
My old school tramp sucked a damn good dick
I tried to turn the bitch out, she couldn't handle it
Trick beotch!

C'mon, trick beotch

Trick beotch!

Trick beotch

Now you done fucked me
You done fucked Too $hort
Done fucked my cousin
Done fucked Nate
Shit, huh, just done fucked everybody
It might sound crazy

Just leave a personalized message for me
Were you talking to me? Do you be thinkin' 'bout me, huh?
Baby. Do you be thinkin' 'bout me?

Shit, how this bitch gon' call me, Soopafly
And she just sucked a homeboy's dick