Man, nigga (?) is tore up, y'knahmsayin?
Shh, hop in the car, yo-yo-yo turn that music down
Yeah yeah, y'knahmsayin?
Let's jack these niggas for what they got, y'knahmsayin?
Heard these niggas got some big paper on them
Dope sacks and all that shit
Get the gauge nigga, c'mon, let's go, we out!

It's another bad day in the hood
My clientele's doin small, my profits ain't nuttin good
Hit a couple licks (hit 'em up!) in a matter of seconds we rich
Now it's all about kilo bricks, and fresh toxics to get is in the mix
It ain't hard to tell my clientele by makin mayor
But fuck the cops and these feds tryin to take this rack to jail
Hop the gate (hit 'em up!) to get away, this pack ain't gon' catch us
And a undercover G, ahh, our plates is from Texas
Got the bombers, fuck the moto that niggas never smoke
Got the weed that when you take a tote you gonna choke
Out of town, we put it down in a major way
Never knew or had a clue that we could make some major pay
Load up by Rucker's
Gettin step and never know who gon' get shady doin business
So we never slept in powder box and hot, snitches
And fiends, and cops, makin niggas shit hot, so we relocate the spot
We got some bitches doin dirty work, outta down (?) the work
Come back wit our bread, break a nigga or some hands (BIATCH!)
That's the way I love it, you know I love that shit
The way I fucks a bitch and clock the green
You might also like Because it's all about the money man
 You can't get nuttin without it
 It's all about the money, money, money, money
 That's what the ballers got
 Said it's all about the money man
 Yeah, yeah, yeah
 Said it's all about the money, money, money, money
 Cash dollar
 Said it's all about the money man
 You can't get nuttin without it
 Said it's all about the money, money, money, money
 Get it, get it, get it
 Said it's all about the money man
 Aww
 Said it's all about the money, money, money, money
 Run it, run it, run it

Fresh broads and five hundred thousand dollars homes
And mobile phones (yeah!) better play the coke
Smokin weed by the zones (the pound)
Got a down ass bitch to help me get through shit
When times get rough at times you know you can't trust no bitch
Keep my eye for them high, and a motherfucker tune it out
Zulu's out, livin life homey, that's what it's all about
Bustin niggas, dustin niggas, fo' all out, respect
Sprayin niggas down wit the tec, aww shit
Maintainin bangin me mad, still I do my thang
Fly my niggas in stadium style, from the gang
Three-fifty-seven's, forty-fives, to get the party live
Get the dumpin the niggas that runnin for they lives
(FUCKER!) Me and my potnahs in the town, slang dick deep
Through twenty pieces, quarter pound to support the kings
Whatchu need is what we got
From the break you diss me to your favorite block
We be settin up shottin what's mine, tec wit a Glock
To let you know, motherfucker that it don't stop
Makin bills for a quarter mill', this life we live is way too real
From hustin rock to fuckin bitches that's top knotch (biatch!)
This fast life made Shaq crazy, at actin outta control
To let you know-know what the fuck we rollin, ganja, ganja rolls
Swoopin through the streets to let you motherfuckers know (know) ..
 .. that it's all about the money man
 Can't do nuttin without it
 It's all about the money, money, money, money
 Yeah (??)
 Said it's all about the money man
 Can't be cheap
 Said it's all about the money, money, money, money
 Yeah, yeah, yeah
 Said it's all about the money man
 Money, money, cash money
 Said it's all about the money, money, money, money
 Cash scrilla
 Said it's all about the money man
 Can't be cheap
 Said it's all about the money, money, money, money
 Money, money

Yeah, keep your motherfuckin head up and watch yo' back
Cause everywhere you go some nigga out there tryin to, jack on yo' ass
Y'knahI'msayin?  Ain't nuttin nice about these streets, y'knahmsayin?
Every G out there for they selves, that's how it goes down, y'know?
So y'all check game, peep game so y'all understand
It's all about that money mayn, that chedder y'knahmsayin?