Yeah, yeah
Cruisin', doing our thang, you know what I mean?
Dat nigga Daz, Makaveli
Check it out, biatch!

Three words to make a mu'fucka heart burst
I rip the verse worse, nigga when I start to curse
Picture a black hearse, adversaries buried in they Sunday best
He blinked, died in the dark, my guns sprayed his chest
When will I die, nigga? We all die, so until I die
Why must I ride on my enemies until they fry
Father forgive them 'cause they not knowin'
My Glock cocked, niggas drop when my shots flowin'
My definition of a thug nigga; a multi-millionaire
Started as a drug dealer, I love niggas
Open fire when I blast at ya, everybody dies
Bad boy massacre, I laugh at ya
Holla my name, I reappear like a Genie
Knowing no man alive can see me
Mothafuckas makin' problems, but they get what they deserve
Get destroyed with these three words, mu'fuckas know

We outlast, if we blast, Outlaw outcast
Only movin' for the money so we comin' up (So we comin' up)
We outlast if we blast, Outlaw outcast
Don't slip, nigga, we ride (We ride!)
We outlast, if we blast, Outlaw outcast
Only movin' for the money so we comin' up (So we comin' up)
We outlast if we blast, Outlaw outcast
Don't slip, nigga, we ride (We ride!)
You might also like
It's about more money, more dollars
More crack for the fiends, and more weed for the ballers
The spots hot from all this fuckin' bullshit
And recommended dope dealers gettin' richer for all my niggas
Hit the wall up in memory
Stand around mine and come right before me
So all of you all breaths scatter, run for heat
Plus the power, tryin' to get rid of half these motherfuckin' bastards
They a hazard to the block
From the git with all that bullshit drama they talk
Never puttin' shit back in the hood
So these motherfuckers think it's all good
If I die or go to jail, I can't quit
From illegal to legitimate
Incarcerated with the Bloods and Crips
They locked me down in the gang, you in the spot G
They down to ride and down to shake for me
You got me, gangsta

We outlast, if we blast, Outlaw outcast
Only movin' for the money so we comin' up (So we comin' up)
We outlast if we blast, Outlaw outcast
Don't slip, nigga, we ride (We ride!)
Fuck the world, feel the fury of the chosen man
Thug nigga, 10 millimeter close in hand
Put 'em in my range, aim nigga, take fire
Watch 'em die, should've never fucked around when it's time to ride
Ridin' low, down a one way, watch for gunplay
I hope we find true peace one day
Nobody cry when my dog died, set 'em straight
AK automatically retaliate

Dat Nigga Daz and Makaveli on a mission, saw the warrior
Like the style of the story 'til we worship the glory
Comin' through on my entourage, gettin' loose
Prepare for the war, motherfucker, bring your juice
Pray to God that your soul is right before you die tonight
And equipped  how we be ridin' all night
See, the game ain't the same no more
All these motherfuckin' niggas ain't the same no more
So we yellin'

Only movin' for the money, so we comin' up
(Comin' up, straight up)
We outlast if we blast, Outlaw outcast
And don't slip, nigga, we ride (Ride!)
Yeah! (We ride!)
Yeah! Ride all night on they bitch-ass
We outlast if we blast, Outlaw outcast
(Niggas ain't afraid, we run up on your ass to blast)