Aw yeah, what's up world
It's Master Gee y'all, Sugarhill Gang
Wonder Mike and diggety I'm here with my man Bob Sinclar (One, two)
Let's do it, c'mon (one, two, three, hit it)

Lalalala lalala, ooh-ooh (Woo!)
Lalalala, ooh-ooh
Lalalala lalala, ooh-ooh
Lalala-lalala-lalala, ooh-ooh (Ah yeah, come on, come on, yeah, yeah)
(Come on, Hen Dogg, get here and get down)

Back, back, back in the day when the DJs play all night
While the party's fun, the MC's come to rock and test the mic (Oh yeah)
Don't need to worry, don't need to hurry, them grooves are just for you (Come on)
Keep it pop it and locking, breaking and rocking
Everybody knows there ain't no stopping
Come on ya'll get on the floor, I'm gonna take you back make you beg for more
Ain't no party like an old school party got an old school party don't stop
So Dj (clock my fav joy) and let me rock the mic
Now throw your hands high in the air, everybody say: Oh Yeah

Lalalala lalala, ooh-ooh (Woo!)
Lalalala, ooh-ooh (Yeah, just do it, do it, do it)
Lalalala lalala, ooh-ooh (It's only, only, only own, I like that)
Lalala-lalala-lalala, ooh-ooh (Talk to me, Wonder Mike, come on and get down)
You might also like
Yes, yes, y'all, It's Wonder Mike and I like to rock the house
I'm work that body, work that body and baby just work it out (Aah)
Abidihibidihophop and don't get stopped, let me see that body rock
Put your afrojack kup to the side, let me hear you say Alright
Grooves so funky furious did make you get so serious
When the people hearin' us they starting called delirious
Work it, let's work it, let's work it, work it, work it
Now somebody, anybody, everybody scream

Lalalala lalala, ooh-ooh (Woo!)
Lalalala, ooh-ooh (Yeah, just do it, do it, do it)
Lalalala lalala, ooh-ooh (Alright)
Lalala-lalala-lalala, ooh-ooh (Now somebody, anybody, everybody sing)
Lalalala lalala (Yeah, now wave your hands from side to side)
Lalalala (Hey, oh, hey, oh, hey, oh, hey, oh, hey, oh, hey, oh, hey, oh)
Lalalala lalala (It's only, only, only own, I like that)
Lalala-lalala-lalala (... here, come on)

One, two, three, four. Step the honor avert for the Master Gee show
Once upon a time but not long ago when there was no rapstars on tv-shows, no moviedeal, commercials (..) starting to grow
In them days when you cup the art, you did a sake for the money and avert for the hart
Back then you had to be a true believer. Every (..) hang at the discofever
Dj Flash in Hollywood. Many happend in the streets of Manhatten
(group and queens and long like ... an you a gave for mons brown seas and down and song steary kate to the fact an techicachiu fans hill)
Lalalala lalala, ooh-ooh (Woo!)
Lalalala, ooh-ooh (Yeah, just do it, do it, do it)
Lalalala lalala, ooh-ooh (Alright y'all, c'mon)
Lalala-lalala-lalala, ooh-ooh (Now somebody, anybody, everybody sing)
Lalalala lalala, ooh-ooh (Yeah, just do it, do it, do it)
Lalalala, ooh-ooh (Rock that body, move that body, move that body, come on)
Lalalala lalala, ooh-ooh (It's only, only, only own, I like that)