I've got everything I want in my life except a girlfriend
(B2K, Pied Piper)

Just copped a Bentley and it's parked in my garage
A two o'clock appointment made for my massage
And everywhere we go they know just who we are
There they go it's them ghetto superstars
The latest throw backs and the ones on my feet
Get off the Benz and them I'm off up in the Jeep
Takin flicks with chicks that look like Alicia Keys
All of that I'm still missin' one thing (Woah)

A girlfriend (Hey), girlfriend (Everything I've wanted)
I need a girlfriend (Yeah), girlfriend (And everything that I)
A girlfriend (Oh-oh), girlfriend (Would you be my?)
Would you be my girlfriend (Hey), girlfriend?

We hit the mall buyin' up all the Nike suits
I'm being pampered while I'm chilling by the pool
From the show to the limo to the club
Hands in the air showin' nothin' but some love
Got plenty clothes, plenty ice plenty cash
A pretty swope, plenty abs plenty shhh
I got every single thing that I need
Except for a main squeeze (Woah), I need a
You might also like
A girlfriend (Oh-oh, oh), girlfriend (Girlfriend)
I need a girlfriend (Oh), girlfriend (I need, I need, I need, I need)
A girlfriend (A girlfriend), girlfriend (Would you be my?)
Would you be my girlfriend (Girlfriend), girlfriend? (Yeah, yeah)

Check 1, 2, alright, alright
We got B2K up in this piece
Tell me who's gonna be my girlfriend?
And we need all the ladies out there lookin' for a nice fella to get up out yo seat, c'mon!
And who out there needs a real man?
Put all hand up Put all hands up
And who's gonna ride or die with me?
Yeah, who's gonna be that ride or die chick for me tonight?
Who's gonna give B2K what they need?

I need a thick with big hips that's just my motivation
No more game preparation, this is pimperation
She must be ready and steady for a grown man  session
I'm talkin' willin' to learn, A Lil Fizz lesson
Now she playin' at it again and now we arguin'
Talkin' girls talk mess and tellin' all her friends
When I seen this new chick tonight
And I'ma make her my girlfriend, my girlfriend
(I need a)
A girlfriend, girlfriend (Someone for me, yeah)
I need a girlfriend (Yeah), girlfriend (that is all I need, yeah)
A girlfriend, girlfriend (In my life)
Would you be my girlfriend (Oh), Girlfriend (I need a)
A girlfriend, girlfriend (someone call my own)
I need a girlfriend (Spend some money on)
Girlfriend (I'm gonna take her out)
A girlfriend, girlfriend (Show her what I'm all about)