The city is ours! (The city!; the city!)
The city is ours! (The city!)

Rolling past graffiti walls
Billboards lighting up the block
Everyone of us on a mission (Oh, yeah)
Got a whole crew by my side
Cars beep-beep when they pass us by
Be ready to get down to business (Hm-mmm)

We pull up, open the door
All the girls, scream there they are
It's packed from wall to wall and everybody is calling
Here they come, it's almost time
Feel the rush, now hit the lights
We gonna get it all started

Because the night is young, the line is out the door
Today was crazy but tonight the city is ours (City is ours)
Live it up until the morning comes
Today was crazy but tonight
See Big Time Rush LiveGet tickets as low as $38You might also like
The city is ours! (The city!; the city!)
The city is ours! (The city!)

My, my look how we roll, was it only a month ago
Everybody said we were dreaming (Oh-oh)
Now we're here like, yeah, we told ya
Still far, but we're that much closer
And there ain't no way that we're leaving (Oh, no)

We pull up, open the door
All the girls, scream there they are
It's packed from wall to wall and everybody is calling
Here they come, it's almost time
Feel the rush, now hit the lights
We gonna get it all started! (Get all started)

Because the night is young, the line is out the door (Night is young)
Today was crazy but tonight the city is ours
Live it up until the morning comes (Morning comes)
Today was crazy but tonight

The city is ours! (The city!; the city!; the city is ours!)
The city is ours! (The city!; oh, yeah)
We gotta believe it's destiny calling
So night after night, we rock the whole place out
As hard as it seems, I know if you want it
Then it's gonna happen somehow!

Because the night is young, the line is out the door (The night is young)
Today was crazy but tonight the city is ours (Tonigh, yeah!)
Live it up until the morning comes
Today was crazy but tonight (City is ours!)
Because the night is young, the line is out the door (Oh-oh)
Today was crazy but tonight the city is ours (City is ours!)
Live it up until the morning comes
Today was crazy but tonight (Tonight)

The city is ours! (The city; the city)
The city is ours! (The city; oh!)
The city is ours! (The city; the city; oh, oh-oh-oh)
The city is ours! (The city)