What kind of problems are we talking about?
The children have very unique problems
There's blindness, lameness, pyromania, learning disablities
One of them... one of them was even

Shot in the dick, shot in the arm
Shot in the head, shot in the leg, shot in the lung!
Man, I got shot one time of the dark one time of the day
Shit I've been shot so many ways
I can't remember the last way I got shot
I got 16 scars from my 16 bars
My exit wounds make record exec goons swoon
I've been shot so many times the bullets had to make room!

Ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba
I've been shot! (2x)

I've been- I've been-
Raised up out the guts like a blood-lust phoenix
It seems the more bullets I catch I gets the greenest
Green of all the greenest green pastures in the world
Got a bullet hole in my penis. Don't believe it? Ask my girl
If I hadn't been shot, I would've never got laid
Would've never got signed, would've never got paid
Wouldn't ever have known how lonely it gets at the top
I Would've never been shit if I never been shot
You might also like

I used to think I'd make it on talent and nothing else
But these days a little bit of violence helps
And I can tell that it's the gunplay that drives the crowd crazy
So every now and then ask somebody to graze me
Just shoot me a little bit, man! Make it look good
Well, not every rapper does it, but every rapper should
It's a good career move, just wait, you'll see!
When everybody goes and gets shot like me


Woooaaaaah
It's as easy as 3-2-1
Woooaaaaah
All the best rappers get shot by guns


I should be dead, man, I should be dead
Didn't you hear what I said? I should be dead!
With 14 slugs in my body and 2 in my head
Man, I should be dead, but I'm rich instead
.22 caliber, a salary
A house in the hills and a house in the valley
Get a good manager, a pal to be
Behind the trigger when your sales figure is down
Shot in the dick, shot in the arm
Shot in the head, shot in the leg, shot in the lung!
I've been shot!
Took one in the ribs
I've been shot!
One in the lip, but I lived
I've been shot!
One in the eye, one in the gut(?)
I've been shot!
I'm number(?) fucking one with a bullet