Ain't no sense whinin' about it now
I mean, we knew what it was
When we became apart of it, feel me, uh
Yeah
It's like

There's something on your mind
I can see right through you
I know your girl been treatin' you wrong
But she ain't no good for you
Why do you hold it inside?
Boy, you should let me know
I just wanna make you right
Wanna be the one you can cry on

Baby, it's like I love my wife
We goin' through things and I ain't goin' home tonight
I ain't got time for a nigga, or is he still with you?
Wanna meet at the same spot or should I come get you?
Alright, I'll be there in ten, be in the front
I've been gettin' what I need so I'ma give you what you want
One on one 'cause you know how to talk to a dawg
You walk the dog and understand New York is hard
See Monica LiveGet tickets as low as $180You might also like
Showin' you
You ain't gotta go home tonight
You can stay right here with me (I ain't goin nowhere)
(When you wake up, I'm gonna be right there)
Don't you worry 'bout a thing (I ain't worried about shit)
You're here with me (Look, it's like I love my wife)
(We goin' through things and I ain't goin' home tonight, alright?)

It's kinda strange when you call, she is never home
Now you're there all alone and you deserve so much more
Baby, I can treat you better than she can
It doesn't make sense to keep on lovin' and keep on trustin'
When in return, all you get is nothin'

Damn, you got me fucked up and I'm feelin' it more
Never had a mistress distressed before
Come on, ma, like it ain't that deep
Like there ain't no love there, like I don't hate that I gotta creep
We go to sleep in each others arms (Yeah)
And I feel like this is where I belong
And if lovin' you is right then I ain't wrong
This is the same ol' song, wife and fam
Gotta be a father and husband but I'm still ya man, Baby
You ain't gotta go home tonight
You can stay right here with me
Stay with me (I ain't goin' nowhere)
(When you wake up, I'm gonna be right there)
Oh, I, don't you worry 'bout a thing (I ain't worried about shit)
You're here with me (Uh, It's like I love my wife)
(We goin' through things and I ain't goin' home tonight, alright?)

This situation is getting critical (Uh-huh)
I watch so many tears fall (Uh-huh)
I know she's not what you want
So why you keep holdin' on
When I'm right here? (What?)
All you need to do is call (What?)
Don't be afraid 'cause she won't know it, oh

You ain't gotta go home tonight
You can stay right here with me (Stay with me, stay with me)
(I ain't goin' nowhere)
(Shen you wake up, I'm gonna be right there)
Oh, I, don't you worry 'bout a thing, no, no
(I ain't worried about shit)
You're here with me, you're here with me, here with me
(Uh, it's like I love my wife)
(We goin' through things and I ain't goin' home tonight, alright?)
You ain't gotta go home tonight, no
You can stay right here with me, stay right here with me
(I ain't goin' nowhere)
(When you wake up I'm gonna be right there, yeah)
Don't you worry 'bout a thing (I ain't worried about shit)
You're here with me, You're here with me
(Look, it's like I love my wife)
(We goin' through things and I ain't goin' home tonight, alright?)