Take 'em out, take 'em out, bring 'em out dead (Dead)
Shine 'em up, shine 'em up, shine a bald-head (Head)
One gun, two gun, three gun, four (Haha)
You're mine, it's all about crime, crime (Here we go)

Material, a razor, a plate, you see your profit risin' (Uh)
Still learnin' the algorithms and monetizin' (Woo, yeah)
Not condonin' the mumble rap and the harmonizin' (Nah)
Forefathers of rap, I'm apologizin' (Right)
Been quiet, ain't nobody really droppin' (Goddamn, uh-uh)
Couple funerals'll get the city back poppin' (Yup)
A nine on the dope'll get the city back coppin' (Woo, uh)
If you see me in the club, I got the pretty black Glock in (Here we go)
Yeah, so don't get too feisty (Nah)
'Cause I'll throw the stocking over the Pooh Shiesty (Mm)
My best advice to you is "Move lightly" (Damn)
'Cause they already on your heels, you too icy, uh (Ayy)
All tough guys play the bathroom (Oh, uh)
They lookin' for fire, I put the gas to 'em (Right)
Bullshittin' while I'm tryna talk cash to 'em (Oh, cash)
'Specially since the corner's the new classroom (Let's go, mm)
Congratulations, jail or death is graduation
It all really depends on your infatuations (Here we go, that's it)
This is D-boy penmanship (Woo)
Brunch with the plug, sea bass, spinach dip (Mm)
Yeah, real intimate (Uh)
Cigar and a glass of vino, big business shit (Damn)
You might also like
Take 'em out, take 'em out, bring 'em out dead (Dead)
Shine 'em up, shine 'em up, shine a bald-head (Head)
One gun, two gun, three gun, four
You're mine, it's all about crime, crime (Here we go)
Take 'em out, take 'em out, bring 'em out dead (Dead)
Shine 'em up, shine 'em up, shine a bald-head (Head)
One gun, two gun, three gun, four (The Butcher comin', nigga)
You're mine, it's all about crime, crime (Here we go)

Uh, fuck friends, only hit Butch' if you talkin' cash
I pull up close like I got a handicap parkin' pass (Woo)
Your broke walkin' ass, I broke off a half
Then sold it before a show with my coke-talkin' ass
My dialect all paper
I ball like Walt Disney crossed with Walt Frazier
With Goyard wallpaper
Niggas' singin' melodies, no tellin' these (Woo)
Feds like, "Stop," unless you Griselda me, the Butcher comin', nigga (Here we go)
From Buffalo, where the hammers and the bullets is cheap (Oh)
And the beef don't ever rest until you put it to sleep (Right)
It's Butch'

Take 'em out, take 'em out, bring 'em out dead (Dead)
Shine 'em up, shine 'em up, shine a bald-head (Head)
One gun, two gun, three gun, four
You're mine, it's all about crime, crime
Take 'em out, take 'em out, bring 'em out dead (Woo, dead)
Shine 'em up, shine 'em up, shine a bald-head (Here we go, head)
One gun, two gun, three gun, four (Come on)
You're mine, it's all about crime, crime (Yo, woo)
You done fucked with the wrong one, but it's all good (What?)
Bust out the wrong gun 'cause it's all wood (Come on)
Life is like a box of chocolate, covered in shit
It's like they never seem to warn you of how scary it get (Here we go)
See, I try to understand why niggas do the things they do (What? What?)
Say the things they say (What?), move the way they move (What? Here we go)
Drink the way they drink (What?), chew the way they chew (What? Come on)
I just caught a homi and the bullet is the proof (What? Yeah)
See this the shit that make your party hot, shit that make your body drop
Shit that make your body shake, probably get you molly whopped
Zim zimma, who got the keys to my Bimmer?
Pretty face, slim waist, ass fatter than Selena
Dark girl, real tall, break necks, have you seen her? (What? What?)
And I make him eat the, huh, like he a cannabis eater (What? What? Here we go)
You know what to do with me (What?), frontin' like you cool with me (Come on)
Trickin' niggas, robbin' niggas, this ain't nothin' new to me  (What? Right)
Man, you's a bitch, comin' 'round with the same shit (Here we go, word)
On the same corner (Word), with the same drip (Woo, oh)
It's really fuckin' up my nerves 'cause I'm tryna understand
How you lookin' in that mirror and believe that you're a man?
See, this the shit that make your party hot (What?), shit that make your body drop (What?)
Shit that get your body shakin' (What?), shit that get you molly whopped (What?)

Take 'em out, take 'em out, bring 'em out dead (Dead)
Shine 'em up, shine 'em up, shine a bald-head (Head)
One gun, two gun, three gun, four
You're mine, it's all about crime, crime
Take 'em out, take 'em out, bring 'em out dead (Woo, dead)
Shine 'em up, shine 'em up, shine a bald-head (Here we go, head)
One gun, two gun, three gun, four
You're mine, it's all about crime, crime (Woo)
Bring 'em out dead
Shot 'em in the head
Three, four
Here we go (Here we go)
Here we go (Here we go)
Here we go (Here we go)
Damn
Woo
Ayy, ayy, ayy
Ayy, ayy, ayy