Yeah yeah yeah, ahhhhhh, whoa, whoa, yeah

The lights go out, the smell of doom
I'll bet is creeping into your lonely room
The bed's on fire, your fate is sealed
And you're so tired, and the reason is Camille-mille
Shockadelica
The girl must be a witch
She's got your mind, body, and soul, yes
Shockadelica
You need a second opinion
But she never wears a stitch
So you can't take her home
She's got you tied to a golden rope
She won't let you play your guitar
And when you've cried enough
Maybe she'll let you up
For a nasty ride in her Shockadeli-car
Gonna make you beg!
Gonna make you beg
Gonna make you spread your leg
Gonna want it, gonna get it
And you'll never regret it
Gonna make you beg
Gonna make you spread your leg
Gonna want it, gonna get it
And you'll never regret it
See Ween LiveGet tickets as low as $32You might also likeAll you suckers in the back better wake up for supper
'Cause the Deaner's on the mic and the beat is gettin' rougher
Dang-wang melody the jaw is a-droppin'
And my rhyme's on time, Papa Gener is a-poppin' on back
The bass, turn it up in the place
Jack your fucking body and your damn fucking hips

Talk to me lover, come on tell me what you taste
Didn't your mama tell you life is to good to waste?
Didn't she tell you that Lovesexy was the glam of them all?
If you can hang, you can trip on it
You surely won't fall
No side effects and the feeling last forever
Straight up - it tastes good
It makes you feel clever
You kiss your enemies like you know you should
Then you shake your body like a horny pony would
You shake your body like a horny pony would
Now run and tell your mama about that! Oh!
Let me lick your pussy, let me lick your cunt
Let me eat your body, baby, let me make you squeal and grunt
Let me show you how to please me baby
Let me show you how to tease me baby
Baby baby babe get down on your knees
Let me lick your pussy
Let me lick your pussy
Let me lick your pussy
Come on baby, I got somethin' to say
Let me lick your pussy
I wanna say I wanna lick your pussy
Let me lick your pussy
I ain't messin' around - I ain't messin' around
I'm sayin' baby
Let me lick your pussy
Let me lick your pussy
Let me lick your pussy
Oh baby, come here, let me tell you somethin'
How's your pussy baby?
Now we've all got something, you know what I mean?
You've got your pussy
Right there between your legs, baby
You know what it is, don't you? It's a pussy!
Oooh yeah!
You know what I wanna do what that pussy, baby?
You know what I wanna do?
Yeah, don't you, don't you, baby
Take it out, wanna take it to town
Make it feel good for me, bring it back to my place
Then I'm gonna... can you imagine baby?
Let me lick your pussy, oh oh oh
Let me lick your pussy, let me lick your pussy
Let me lick your pussy, ooh baby
Let me lick, let me lick, let me lick your pussy
Come here baby!
First we'll take a bath
Then I'll get my towel, baby
I'll wrap you up - I'm gonna wrap you up in my towel, baby
You know what I'm gonna do then
I just wanna say - you know baby, I could give a great massage
Oh, you can, Gener?
I say, yeah baby, I give you a massage like, like thirteen kings, baby
Oh, Gener!
I say, what you got between your legs, baby?
What does that have to do with a massage, baby?
You know, you know what I really want...it's your pussy baby
I wanna lick your pussy baby
Yeah, you know what I'm saying
You know what I'm saying
You got me going baby
Oh, you got me going like I never thought I'd go before
Shit baby! Come here! Let me lick your pussy!
Let me lick your pussy, baby
Let me lick your pussy!