The truck or the Lambi (Lambi), Cam be stuffed in some candy (Candy)
This ain't a label Curtis, I'm fuckin with family (Family)
See my squad done waited right behind them bars that's gated (Gated)
Hopped out the casket bastard, reincarnated (Makaveli)
Yep, so have a seat (Sit down), this gon' be a masterpiece (Watch this)
I have to beef, he look like a gorilla, with rabbit teeth (Curtis!)
Bugs monkey, act hard, with a crack god, that mack broads
That video ain't Queens, it's your backyard (You shot that in Connecticut)
Curtis (Curtis!), it's messin' with your head bad (Curtis!)
You that mad but dag that's security with red flags (Red flags)
You bangin' five shootin' rocks and signs my way (Oh you claimin' somethin'?)
Fine play I keep it neutral but my family's nine, trey (What set you claimin' homie?)
Soo woo, my A-alikes, that stay to fight, from day to night
When I smack the Lighty brothers Dave and Mike (I ain't catch Chris yet)
Huh, believe me ho (Ho)
You can't be me though (Jimmy)
Jimmy ain't the President (Not at all), he the C.E.O (C.E.O)
Zeek is the President, It's evident he'll cock and spray
Santana underboss, I sign off like Dr. Dre (You know, Aftermath)
I fuck with Zoe Pound too, what up? Sak Pase?
Grab the coco my cock, so zozo rockaway
I extended the clip, never be friends with you pricks
Shout to a real Queens dude, you know Kenneth McGriff (What up Preme)
He ran from police (Keep ya head up)
You run with police (Curtis!)
You ain't from Southside, you 'bout to get ya mouth wired
You might also like
Curtis!!! (Rewind it DJ)
Curtis!!! (You ain't 50, 50 Cent from B.K.)
Curtis!!! (Yep, he deserve to be nervous)
Curtis!!! (Damn, show some courtesy Curtis)
Curtis!!! (Uh! Rewind it DJ)
Curtis!!! (You ain't 50, 50 Cent from B.K.)
Curtis!!! (Yep, he deserve to be nervous)
Curtis!!! (Damn, show some courtesy Curtis)

Aiyyo, check the tail, girls break they neck and nails
Just for me to sex they tail but let's talk record sales (Let's talk about it)
Juelz eight hundred (Thousand)
Jim fo' hundred (Thousand)
I copped more cribs, more cars, got more blunted
Yeah I rocked The Roc so stop it, doc you coppertop (That's old news)
My niggas watch 'em ball (Ballin')
Your dudes I watch 'em flop (Floppin')
Yep, so beware, dog I'm tryna be clear
Banks bricked, Mobb bricked, Buck ain't been out for three, years (He the hottest)
Let me be fair, I hop up off a sweet Leer
Right to Lennox ain't no sand, but I'm on my beach chair (What up Hov)
These are not tales (Not at all)
And dog we not frail (Not at all)
You don't club in New York you party out in Scottsdale (What up )
Huh, I can't be clowned, beef dog, God damn we down
How you livin'? You live in Tyson's hand me down (What up Mike)
Plus you can't be found, I'll have you taped, gagged, and bound, ask around, I never liked the circus so I clap a clown
Curtis!!! (Rewind it DJ)
Curtis!!! (You ain't 50, 50 Cent from B.K.)
Curtis!!! (Yep, he deserve to be nervous)
Curtis!!! (Damn, show some courtesy Curtis)
Curtis!!! (Uh! Rewind it DJ)
Curtis!!! (You ain't 50, 50 Cent from B.K.)
Curtis!!! (Yep, he deserve to be nervous)
Curtis!!! (Damn, show some courtesy Curtis)

Aiyyo man, thanks for all the shoutouts
For my dudes, you keep shoutin 'em, I love it baby
Them my brothers
I ain't hear you say Banks name in a minute
Talkin' 'bout Koch a graveyard you just signed off for Prodigy to go there
Ayo P he a sucker
Get away from that dude B
You ain't got no swag with buck teeth
You know how you ain't got no swag?
Whoever let you sign off on them G-Unit tank tops
Is stupid just like yo dumb ass
Them is brassiere tops
Whoever wore that outside was a homo
Gay ass nigga
Aiyyo stop callin' my probation officer to, why you talkin' 'bout my probation?
You tryna get me locked up Curtis?!
Aiyyo Curtis you really tryin' get me up?
You said somethin' about my probation on your song
Next thing I know my probation officer call me today said he need to see me
Aiyyo if I go to jail
Curtis put me in jail!!!!
It's crazy I gotta go report to probation
Next Thursday, I ain't supposed to report for three weeks
I gotta go Thursday and he mention my probat
Aiyyo let me get off this mic now cause I know how he get down, rat ass, yo!!!
That's true story that's not even a joke, I'm dead serious