About you, you, you, or YOU
Ay but forreal though, call all my exes and tell em' I'm about to be famous!
That's Savage Life till I die, bruh, Ain't nothing trill about the South, bruh
Real shit, no trill wave
Fuck with me, stop fucking with me
Lil, Bitch! Hann!

These niggas talk it but don't live it, pressure in my ciga-rette
And she hand roll em, my face on em, that's royalty in a platinum coffin
Her lingerie Versache, hit a DMT and I'm gone
Enough to be with Naruto roll a hidden leaf with his 9 tail fox
And my bitch Foxy Brown
Trap yams every few weeks so me and her can make quota
And I reward her Use my tongue to trace every bump around her areola
Double cup, True Blood in that cough syrup, her robbatussin you know me
Show her my homies, picture vacations like, "There's me and my baby in purgatory."
Fuck with me, I crushed a bean and rolled it with the green
That's a beanstalk, so don't get yo ass Jacked for what's in yo jeans
I'm way in Crown Heights at KOD with the Queen of the Damned
Pints in my lemonade, tell yo lil brother I got work for his ass
What the fuck these niggas know??
I rep that 9-5-4, licking envelopes of that thrax lick her pussy when she on her back
And I'm a killer nigga push me, house keeping hand me my room key
And I'm fresh off of them loosies and you ain't fucking with my black ??
You don't know her like I know her that's my ho she take my hand
Give her roses, she give me head and bite my neck now I'm in a trance
I'm blooded with my main bitch, The Queen of the Damned
Scrait like dat,we lay together and make the princess of the trap, boi!
And I promise I won't let these niggas hype you out baby(x2)
And I take that charm off of that pussy
Take his bracelet and his ring
Wipe that lame pockets clean, and give it all back to my Queen
I got 3 hoes up on the strip that's down to Make a nigga a Band
You got a choppa in yo car? I got a Dy-lan man..
Then Euro white hoes with the accents, love that 6 piece with the white-gold accent
Create the perfect storm in them thunder thighs
Now that's trouble, so I made it rain on her to substitute for a cuddle
Cause I ain't that nigga about to lay down this Starter jacket
So yo ass won't fuck up, yo red bottoms in a puddle
(Sleep, Sleep!)
You might also like[Verse: 2 Robb Bank$)
That's a blunt and a fitted, fuck a joint and a snapback
Never sold a point 7, and I never touched a 5 sack
Straight Es and Oz while I'm bumping fucking Trap Back
Boy I'm serving straight vowels that A I and a trap back
I remember Dooney spraying cuz with the flat back
I Had them grandpa's folded in a paper in my napsack
Mix with my acne pills and I'm feeling like Fabio