You know what I want to do?
Yeah
What do I want to do?
You want to fuck me
I think I might be happy
Flying on an eagle's quest
On the way to a rebel's den
With the song name upon my chest
Because of lies from a so called friend
The sensation in my palms (smoke on a bowl)
Tells me that I'm all alone (and sip on some more)
All for this I can take the blame
So I guess I'll start Today

Nah, You gon' suck my dick, I just know
So hit them lights, and close that door
Sacks of grass, playing Pendergrass
Lace cover that ass, but bitch let me ask (what)
Fuck is you looking at? (what)
Like you ain't seen enough
Ms. Honey Brown, I melt you down
And pour your ass over my blunt
I hit your center, find that gold, trying gain control, and you screaming "go"
Dick belong in a rodeo, Bone thug fuck you 'till you got polio
Polo t-shirt, polo draws, fire in my pole until it's soft (pause)
You know what I mean
Syrup and weed, that's the cause
And the cx-cause, got you gone
But at the same time, it got you next to me
That's OBP until I die, but bitch you gon' be the death of me
But you won't be the best of me, so pardon me if I don't get that shit
Biting in her sheets, yeah you can be my pillow pet
You might also like
I asked her what that mouth do, and then she did it
Talking while we fucking, smoking while I'm sipping
I asked her what that mouth do, and then she did it
Talking while we fucking, smoking while we

And I don't care how much you love Khalifa, nah you can't roll my shit
German thread, on Jamaican mats
Dutch cigars, remember who you came here with
Calling her friend, can't hear here through the music
And she keep coughing from that mist
Well what you fucking with, you too fine to be laying down in bed alone
In my Drake voice, but don't compare our songs
Too classy to drink out of styrofoam
Well look at you, ain't you cute, what about if I gave you two?
And I see some ladies tonight that should be having my baby, baby
I take advantage of you get you drunk, because you probably play me, play me

Come here, let me tell you a little something
I ain't going nowhere, I ain't rushing
Why you like that? Why you staying fronting?
I know you like that, because you stay blushing
(Ay tell these hoes what's really happening bruh)
So ho what you want? What you need?
Array of these things involving me
They say don't fuck around with a nigga like me
What that mean? What, that's Chris?
Word around that you fucked that bitch
Walking around like you run this shit
Wait run that back, what you talking about?
Fuck that, ain't no sense of us talking it out
Got a whole lot of bitches that wanting me out
And I ain't fuck them yet, but I'm fucking her now
Why you gotta act so stupid?
Saying all we talk about is music
Yeah, what is music gonna pay me?
And all them things I can't handle
So I be fucking them shones, you can't stand ho
Now you never have to wonder where your man go
Yeah, stop saying, all these things I don't really give a fuck about
These hoes, they know, they know a nigga single
So the calling me now
Ayo Robb, what they calling about?
And I don't care how much you love Khalifa, nah you can't roll my shit
German thread, on Jamaican mats
Dutch cigars, remember who you came here with
Calling her friend, can't hear here through the music
And she keep coughing from that mist
Well what you fucking with, you too fine to be laying down in bed alone
In my Drake voice, but don't compare our songs
Too classy to drink out of styrofoam
Well look at you, ain't you cute, what about if I gave you two?
And I see some ladies tonight that should be having my baby, baby