(Drip drip drip drop drop drop drop)
(Drip drip)
(Drip drip drip drop drop drop drop)
I, I wanna hear the whole song now anyway

Your love (Yeah, your love)
Runs through me like the rain (Like the rain)
(I like that, come on, yea, yea, yea)
Oohh and I like it (Whoo)
When you show me that you care (You show me it drives me insane, ha)
Oh Leny

Leny
Love everlasting I never wanna be without you (Yeah yeah yeah)
Leny (What?)
Love everlasting I never wanna be without (Yo Yo, check this out)

Who said a brother can't buy you whips
So give me Benz Jeep money get me all up in
Fine jewelry, nigga I'm pawnin' it
Look at where I'm storin' it at
Matter fact, nigga I just see you exit the club (Word?)
Givin' women much love
For you givin' the mugs
Super crishin' the cup
Is that the one you said
You would die for?
The one you said
You would lie for?
Leny gimme love (wha wha wha wha)
You might also like
I've been reminiscin' about your ways
Things that it does to me (That's right)
Got me thinking about you again and again (Yeah yeah yeah)
The way you make me feel
I know that it could only be love (That's right, that's right)
I miss you
And I hope that I
Could be the only one you're always dreamin' of (Huh huh what what?)

Leny, Leny (That's right)
Love everlasting I never wanna be without You (Yeah yeah yeah yeah)
Leny
Love everlasting I never wanna be without (Huh huh, yea yea, wha wha?)

Everybody knows I'm the capital
Diva girl nonchalant
I think not
Protocol then I back street cracks
With the doll da dolls
P. Knuckle face I erase
All them fools on a paper chase
A dime piece and I'ma keep on shining like ice sheets
Remember me by my wha wha wha (ha ha)
Leny
Love everlasting I never wanna be without You (That's right, yeah)
Leny
Love everlasting I never wanna be without
Leny (Come on, come on)
Love everlasting (Yeah, yeah) I never wanna be without you
Leny (That's right)
Love everlasting I never wanna be without
Leny (They don't know nuthin' bout that Leny)
Love everlasting (That's why we have the kids gettin all they need) I never wanna be without You (Treat Leny with love)
Leny
Love everlasting (Leny, Leny) I never wanna be without (Haha)
Leny (Come on)
Love everlasting (What? What?) I never wanna be without You
Leny
Love everlasting (I like that Trackmasters tape hehe) I never wanna be without
Leny, Leny (Aight stop lemme listen to it)

Huh? Huh? What? What?
I said Leny love. Leny
Stop the tape hehe (Oooh I like it)
Drip drip drip drop drop drop

WTME
The best Music on your FM dial
WTME. Holla at me somebody out there!
Yo, yo what's the motha****** deal son?
Hey! Easy with the (Uh uh uh uh) Ya know, the language
My bad, my bad, I keep it ghetto out my mo****** ah
The language man (Ohhh man!) Come on This is a family show
This is a family show (What is goin on? I know!)
Imma have to guest shot guest shot ya know I'm sayin'?
I'm from mo****** BK and sh** ya know I'm sayin'?
There ya go, I gotta go to the next caller (What?! Where did he go)
I can't, I can't, I can't (Yo y'all got some crazy...) deal wit that ya Know... (What is goin' on with this radio station? Y'all need to get some cool people up in here, some cruel and some cool
Who know)
Let me just give a disclaimer for any of the callers
That's not necessarily the views of WTME radio (I'm sayin'!), or the Mattola Broadcasting System (I ain't never been thru this before)
Ok? (Me either! Can we get some real fans, god!)