Mmm, yeah baby, ooohh, ohhh

I've got to know what's going on baby
Why things 'tween us they are so shady
I thought we had, had an understanding
That it would go down when I'm good and ready

It was all the simple things that made
That made me wanna get with you be your boo
Then you started trippin', running games
So now you gotta choose, that's why I'm tellin' you

If you're gonna roll with me, baby let me know (Know)
If all you wanna do is get down, then you gotta go (You gotta go)
Baby I'll let you know when it's right for me (When it's right for me)
So baby in the meantime I think you need (I think you need)
You need to get to know, know, know me (To know me)

Why you tell me, you wanna be with me (Whoo)
I feel that it's just a hit and a run my baby
Lately I've been checkin' out the facts
That's why I won't end up on my back
You might also like
It was all the simple things that made
That made me wanna get with you be your boo
Then you started trippin', running games
So now you gotta choose, that's why I'm tellin' you (Yeah, yeah)

If you're gonna roll with me, baby let me know (Let me know)
If all you wanna do is get down, then you gotta go
(All you wanna do, ohhh)
Baby I'll let you know when it's right for me (When it's right for me)
So baby in the meantime I think you need (I think you need)
You need to get to know, know, know me (Yeah, yeah, yeah)

So what?!
I'm not drivin' a Benz like you
So what?!
I ain't got million friends like you
But uh Blaque rock a party till there's no trace
Of the people, of the liquor, of the place, what
And why I gots the snap to keep myself true
Open up the atmosphere, let my storm cloud through
And when Blaque erupts you better throw your hands up
Like some scissors you all better just cut it up
If you're gonna roll with me, baby let me know (Let me know)
If all you wanna do is get down, then you gotta go
(All you wanna do is get down)
Baby I'll let you know when it's right for me (Right for me)
So baby in the meantime I think you need (Baby please!)
You need to get to know, know, know me (Get to know me)
(What what what?)
If you're gonna roll with me, baby let me know (What what what?)
If all you wanna do is get down, then you gotta go (Kick it woo!)
Baby I'll let you know when it's right for me (Wu wu what what?)
So baby in the meantime I think you need (What? Now huh)
You need to get to know, know, know me

Duh duh da da duh da da (Uh huh uh huh)
Duh duh da da duh da da (Wu wu what? Wha what?)
Duh duh da da duh da da (Yeah yeah yeah)
Duh duh da da duh da da (Woo! Woo!)
Duh duh da da duh da da (Yeah yeah yeah)
Duh duh da da duh da da (Wu wu what? Wha what?)