Yes, it is a beautiful day today, with a high of 83 with sunny skies, dropping to a low of 71 tonight. Don't forget to support your local power stations playing the best of power music. Food of thought for your Islanders, Native Americans, indigenous people within a listening audience. Please keep the traditional cultures alive and strivin'! Remember all that glitters ain't gold! Keep the rhythm of life pumping!
This is WFMW, we're gonna take a short break with a word from our sponsors, so stay tuned

I feel cheated used, abused, misused
Used, feeling the blues, misconstrued
The bond the trust we once had
Is not bad meaning good, but bad meaning bad
What ever happened to manhood?
I try to be a man but you act like I'm a hood
Getting an abortion like I ain't no damn good
Like I can't raise a child the way a Nubian man should
Cheated, abused, used, misused
Used, feelin' the blues, misconstrued
Never would I have thought you do me like this
I know it's your body, but it's our baby, so why dismiss?
And it drives me crazy, the way that you played me
As if I was just riding you, miss Daisy
We made love not lust, had love, had trust
The decision should have been made by the both of us
But you got an abortion, now you're havin' some resentments
We should have paired together, and shared together our
Warm sentiments

Our warm sentiments
You might also like
Yes, I could stop
Dwelling on the bad, let it drop
I wish you had let it drop
I understand it's your choice
But I have to have my voice, yo
Cuz portions of the babies features
Woulda had my features, we're all human creatures
It wasn't on crack, nothing like that
It wasn't by rape, so why the escape?
Now sista, you've broken my trust
But before I let our relationship rust, I'll bust
Another solution, but take it for real
'Cause if your convicted this time there is no appeal
Around my way there's a love for black
That's so damn deep, that it's cool to keep...
You and hold you, after I scold you, I hope I can mold you
To share your truths with me, to tell you the truth
You made a mistake, I'll give you a break
I'll hold your hand & be your man, but understand
It takes two to make one and also to take one
Yeah I know, you got an abortion
I'm distressed, depressed but I'm here for you
Maybe well get married, and then we'll be intimate
And from then on, we'll share and bare our
Warm sentiments
Our warm sentiments

(baby crying)
Ooh, relax your mind
Release, unwind
Don't be victim to the grind they put you through
Ooh, relax your mind
Release, unwind
Don't be victim to the grind they put you through
Ooh, relax your mind
Release, unwind
Don't be victim to the grind they put you through
Ooh, relax your mind
Release, unwind