I once knew this brother who I thought was cool with me
Chilled out together, even went to school with me
Fly nigga, my ace boon coon, sed to low ride together
Shot dice in the bathroom
Ya want trouble? well trouble ya found
Cause we diss ya, then issue the critical beatdown
He needed money, I would always come through
Needed a car? He could use mine too
But bust this! out on the street people say he was riffin'
Callin' me a sucker, talkin' bout how foul I'm livin'
Someone heard him poppin' that shit last week
Frontin' for some pussy from some big-butt freak
Sayin' I'm his worker, I was on his dick!
Talkin' that crazy old weak assed shit
And after all of that she still walked away
How ya gonna diss your boy to get some play?
And when I stepped to him about it, he said, "Who snitched?"

Yo, how did he go out?
(He went out like a bitch!)
So ladies
We ain't just talkin' bout you
Cause some of you niggas
Is bitches too!
You might also like
"You ain't nothing but a... "Bitch!..." "Nigga..."
"Some of you niggas are bitches too"

I knew this brother named Mitch, stone player
He meet a girl, in five minutes he'd lay her
Trucked crazy jewels, hands smothered in ice
Been to prison not once, but twice
Kept a stupid thick posse made of thugs and crooks and hoods
And vet hustlers who were up to no good
But they all stood behind him and watched his back
That's the only way to roll on the track
But yo, Mitch got rushed by feds last week
They snatchbared the trunk of his white Cornice
Took a look inside and what did they see?
Two keys, and a gallon of PCP
Oh shit! The thought crashed Mitch's subliminal
Three strikes, that's called "Habitual criminal"
So instead of goin' under he snitched on his whole posse
Maxed at the crib and sipped Martini and Rossi
Sold out his whole crew, that rat named Mitch

Yo, how did he go out?
(He went out like a bitch!)
So ladies
We ain't just talkin' bout you
Cause some of you niggas
Is bitches too!

I knew this guy who was never that fly
Couldn't act cool even when he tried
When we played rough, he always cried
When he told stories, he always lied
A Black brother who was missin' the cool part
He had the color but was missin' the true heart
When we would fight he would always go down quick
So he took karate and he still got his ass kicked
But now he's married and he kicks his wife's ass
Says it comes from problems that he had in the past
Doesn't like Blacks, claims he's upper class
Joined the police, got himself a badge
Now he rolls the streets and he's out to jack
Doggin' young brothers 'cause they usually don't fight back
Got a White partner and he asked for that
And every night another head they crack
So now he's big man but he really ain't shit

Yo, how did he go out?
(He went out like a bitch!)
So ladies
We ain't just talkin' bout you
Cause a lot of these pigs
Are bitches too!

Out one night with my crew and some new kid
I didn't know homeboy, but Evil E did
So I thought he was cool, we rode in his ride
Rag top tray on Daytons lifted side to side
We hit the party deep, niggas was hawkin' me
You could feel the vibe of thick artillery
Parliament was on, some O.G. shit
I put my back to the wall and felt my pistol grip
All of a sudden, niggas started trippin'
Flippin', the record started skippin'
Wildin', fools started loc'n up
Gats cracked, the room started smokin' up
Me and "E" hit the floor and then the back door
My boys let off an automatic encore
But when we made it out to the ride
It was gone, we had to shoot it out side by side
Punk left us there to die in a ditch!

Yo, how did he go out?
He went out like a bitch!
So ladies
We ain't just talkin' bout you
Cause you scary-ass niggas
Is bitches too!


So if you're wonderin' why we lookin' at you funny, it's cause
(some of you niggas are bitches 2)
You always tell a brother you're gonna loan him money but you don't cause
(some of you niggas are bitches 2)
Yo, Aladdin, you know why they be frontin'? I'mma tell you why
(some of you niggas are bitches 2)
You always act like you can fight, but when it's a real fight you find out
(some of you niggas are bitches 2)
"Yo, I'mma do it Ice, I'mma do it, Ice." No you ain't, no you ain't, cause
(some of you niggas are bitches 2)
A brother think he got backup, but he really don't cause
(some of you niggas are bitches 2)
I wouldn't even hit you with my fist, I'mma smack the shit out of you, cause
(some of you niggas are bitches 2)