yo, yo, yo man, let me tell y'all the story man
 Oh-oh, here we go again "Stop lying"
 All lies
 lyin' man, what you talkin' about?
 All lies "Stop lying"
 Let's hear this one
 no man, you niggas is buggin' man
 alright go a head, go 'head
 Alright, let me tell you what's, let me tell you what's goin on, man
Let me tell you what happened to me
 go a head, go a head, go a head "Stop lying"

The other day I spent a million on a def gold chain
It weighted thirty nine pounds, my name plate the same
I put it on, it was too heavy
So I hired me this brother to wear for me
One night, we was out chillin, he and I minus crew
I was held at gun point by a thug's .22
But when I told him that I was the L.A. player Ice-T
The brother robbed somebody else and brought the money to me
You might think I'm lyin' but man, you're wrong
As I told you before, my word is bond

 You expect me believe that? "Stop lying"
You're the master of lying, man
 Yo, look at you with your basketball outfit on, man
 That's cause I can play
 What do you know about basketball, man?
 What I know?, yo, yo...
You might also like
I played ball back in ( name ) Park
The ( name ) on the board, hit three pointers in the dark
I got a scholarship but said: "Yo, forget it "
Goin' straight to the Pro rank, coach, so don't sweat it
The Lakers wanted to pick me, but I said: "Step"
Cause takin' Magic's spot, could be bad for my rep "what"
So he sent me to Chicago, to play in front of.. you know
But then I said: "Either he go or I go"
I gave Jordan a break, then came back to the city
You know, cause everybody missed me "right, right, right"
You think I'm lyin?, but brother, you're wrong
As I told you before, my word is bond

Lies man, man you're crazy
Look at Donald D comin' through the door late
We're makin' a record, brother
What you're doin' so late, man
What's up, man? "Stop lying"

My girl was pissed, so she tried to diss
The D, until I showed her my fist
I argued with her in the pouring rain
After the fightin' with her, I missed the train
It was delayed for an hour, so I fell asleep
When I woke up, I was on 14th. Street
By the time I got there, it was way too late
Came back uptown and decided to wait
Ran into her cous', and hung with him
Met Billy, Joe, Bob, Frank, Chuck and Slim
Went back to the crib to watch a VCR
And then I had to pick up my father's car
Looked around for my brother, to see where he went
And then I had to pay my mother's rent
I know y'all think I'm lyin', but listen, you're wrong
Like I told you before, my word is bond
 Lies man, you be late to the show
How you gon' make some money, man?
 Money?, You talkin' about money?
 Man, I got money, man
 You ain't got no money, man
 Yo, check this out

I got so much money that the bank couldn't hold it
Car so dope that I didn't wanna roll it
So many houses, sometimes I forget
I brought a yacht and a brand new lear jet
I flew to Paris just for good meal
Then to Rome, to sign a record deal
Off to London, to kick with the Queen "what Queen?"
Back to LA, I bought a football team
I just can't stop spendin' that green
My girl loves the water so I brought baby a submarine
But see, I left my house without my credit cards
I think I left my wallet in my other car
If you could loan me ten, I'd pay you back
Yo man, you're lookin' at me crazy, what's up with that?
You think I'm lyin' but man, you're wrong
As I told you before, my word is bond
lyin' man
 yo man, I'll pay you back
Yo, you be talking about them girls you got, man
You ain't got no women, man
 That's why I went to jail, man
 What's up with your girl, man?
 alright

Monday morning, walkin' down the block
Saw this girl in a Jag, y'all, and she stopped "aww man"
She said her father casted for the Cosby Show
And she said: "Bob, would you like to go?"
You know, so I went with her, and we chilled
Got her drunk off the eight ball, and we illed
She was stupid rich, so I bought myself an island
Charged it to her Master charge, I be wildin'
So, after that I stepped and she was cryin'
She gave me mansion, yo, why should I be lyin'?
Think I be frontin'? Well homeboys, you're wrong
As I told you before, my word is bond

 lies
 Why, why it gotta be all that, why it gotta be all
 look at Donald, he always be lyin' about shows
 Oh, he, he be lyin'
 yo, I ain't be lyin'
 Check him out

Yo Ice, I did a concert in the White House
And after that me and Donald Trump hung out
And then I knocked Vanity boots in a limo'
I rejected Michael Jackson's demo
Smacked Freddy Krueger and he didn't reply
Hit Mike Tyson in his eye
Sharks around me and I didn't die
Drank a case of Cisco and I didn't get high
You might think I'm lyin, but listen, you're wrong
Like I told you before, my word is bond

 You high right now, man
 No, I'm not (Stop lying)
 Let, let the man with the money get it right for you
 What money, man?(Stop lying)

You think I'm lyin' but I'm tellin' the stone truth
I have been player ever since my youth
In 1st grade I was knockin' kids out cold
In 2nd grade I was truckin' the large gold
In 3rd grade I was checkin' the youth bank
4th grade puttin' gas in Benz my tank
By the 12th I was gamblin' outrageous
I drove through the desert and broke Las Vegas
You probably think I'm lyin' but brothers, you're wrong
As I told you before, my word is bond

 lyin' man, lyin' man
 What you talking about, man?
You and that basketball stuff you talkin' about
Donald talkin' 'bout Donald Trump,' man, y'all is crazy
Shawnie Mac, what are they talkin' about, man?
My Word is Bond, home boy
 Don't believe the hype
 My Word is Bond
 You be lyin' every time you talk
 Y'all all drunk