Check it out y'all
Check it out y'all - Pete Rock - remix

Flow on, flow on, on and on and on and on
Flow on, flow on, on and on and on and on

I never take ??? for granted, I ??? no ???
I step to 'em like "what's happenin', baby, hey hey hey"
Rappers try to diss but they don't really want no drama
Like I said before you diss me I diss your momma
Mr Funke's comin' back at ya, but I don't have to catch ya
Step up in your space, punch you in your face, like a little kid
On the microphone, when I MC - I'm invisible, none of y'all can see me
Coz I float like a helicopter, sting like a razer, like ??? I'm sure it'd be me?
Sure when the Lords roll thick like ???, make ya say "OH, MY, LORDS"
Look at how you step to me, claimin' you can find
But just like Eric Sermon said - it was all in your mind
If ya can't get with it then get gone, fear no man, fear no man, if it's on then it's on - word is bond


They said it was ludicrous, we couldn't do this
But nobody is booin' us, the liquid flow like alcoholics, check the fluidness
We comin' and that's to catch wreck, watch us flex
Check the remix by Pete Rock, girls, oh, now you wanna give me sex? (Hey)
Everyone jump in the water, but don't drown 'cause you didn't know
How to swim fastest when that beat comin' from down below
Don't turn the lights on, 'cause the darkness sets the mood we prove
Don't lose the fact we running things, step back 
 a little stronger, don't wanna fight  to keep it flowing on and on
Yo, word is bond, a Marley Marl phenomenon
 hittin' strong, just keep the show, keep it nice for private radio
Original masterpiece, the roughest just to say the least
I'm tamin' the tracks and layin' 'em down like Beatmasters and the beats
Marley Marl makes the track, Lords and Sah swing
I just do my thing, do my, do my thing
You might also like
Well I'm a blast past the stars and boom like a rocket now beyond the planet when clouds is where I be hip-hoppin' so there
Might be your chance ??? over your craniums, so don't close your ??? coz you're not entertainin' them
Back to flow on and on, with Sah B, Mr Funke and my man De' 1
I blow the steam out my Glock when I'm blowin' up the spot reminiscin' on the days on the corner of my block
So peek-a-boo hoo, peek-a-boo you, I see you, you never see the Do but the DoItAll sees you
So open up your eyes, to the flow it's no surprise, we're leavin' you amused on this underground ride
So follow me as I greet to my ??? with the flow that I speak and the flow is deep
So buckle up, here we go, on the never ending flow, it's the LOTUG fam and we're here to let it flow


Come hit me up with the funk-ness
And when you bounce from block to block, won't you bump this
Can you feel it, coz nothin' can save ya
Coz this is the season for catchin' the vapors
Cop is pushin' up daisies because I'm crazy
Start lay back and ??? but I'm not lazy
Suckers fear that Sah-B madness, puttin' them in misery and leavin' them in sadness
You heard about me through the grapevine, I take mine
Ask the sucker how he doin', bet he ain't fine
Steppin' to me with those weak raps, you know my rhymes got my front, underground's got my back
This how we do it for nine four, comin' correct from the ??? even harder than before
We go on from days to days, weeks to weeks, months to months
That's why we stayin' paid