Amen! Oops, I meant three men!
Here to raise the underground the way it should've been
But not to rock gospel or to sound hostile
But glad I seen the light before I wound up as a fossil
But this ain't church because my song is kind of different
And if you feel the music I can tell you feel the spirit
So swing the tambourine as I take you to a scene
Of the underground...know what I mean?
So this here's my anthem, sort of light my national
And people still say it from the streets to the classroom
I don't believe it! Well glory hallelujah!
And it's 'cause I got to get funky like tuna
I'm not a Muslim or Christian or Baptist
But yo I give thanks if you listen to me rap this
Now who's the reverend? That's the next question
My moms, my grams, and, uh, my mother's husband
Now Funky Man's my deacon 'cause he backs me while I'm speaking
And Jazz is the pastor 'cause he mixed the crazy beats and, uh
My congregation backs me like a choir
(Precious Lord!) And then we were hired to
Freak the underground and bring back the Hip-Hop on a
Peaceful journey like "Hey, baby won't stop"
So where you worship? A chapel in a small town?
No matter what, I plays God in the underground
You might also like
LOTUG is here! Bow your heads for the prayer!
LOTUG is here! Bow your heads for the prayer!

Kumbaya my lord!  What?  My lord!  What?  My lord!
While I do my thing, while you sing!
(Kumbaya my Lord! Kumbaya!)
Now chill, watch me wreck this
Now in my underground there's no  or baptism
Punk emcees? I dismiss them with my rhythmic exorcism
Lord Jazz! Hit me one time for the deacon!
I want to give a sermon but my beeper keeps on beeping!
So DoItAll, step into the (podium and preach )
While I get to a prayer so I can see who's trying to reach me
Thou should not front like he's hard when he's cotton (Well...)
And thou should not front like he's fresh when he's rotten (Well...)
And thou should not front like he's down when he's not (Well...)
And thou should not front underground when it's pop
I write more lyrics on the scroll and more 
I  my hip with guns my .40 runneth over
 I walk through this valley of wackness
I should deny the brother 'cause these brothers need practice
And I should set a table in the presence of my brothers
Long time, whether I'm wrong or right, I put no one above us
Between us there's a rhyme that no one could ever summon
And I should dwell in the underground forever
To interrupt my sermon is really kind of bold
So may the good lords have mercy on your soul
LOTUG is here! Bow your heads for the prayer!
LOTUG is here! Bow your heads for the prayer!
LOTUG is here! Bow your heads for the prayer!
LOTUG is here! Bow your heads for the prayer!

Little Jimmy Swaggart was sitting in a tree
K-I-S-S-I-N-G
Jimmy Baker was rich but Jimmy Baker went crazy
Now you understand! Now you understand!
How people go to church in the underground land
(Why?) 'Cause your modern-day religion is busted!
The preacher is a thief and the others can't be trusted!
They walk around the church, collecting all your dough
Where will the buck stop? Nobody knows!
It's not right to gamble, oh ain't that a pity!
What's up with all the bus rides? You know, Atlantic City?
The Trump Taj Mahal or maybe The Castle
Reverend Wade just hit the jackpot, well isn't that special?

Reverend Wade, Reverend Wade, you just hit the jackpot!
What are you going to do next?
(Well, I'm going to the Promised Land in my brand new Cadillac!)
So don't get mad if we don't 
We might appear against the church, but that's not what I'm saying
And if you think we're fighting, you might just need to take a second look
You never know, your preacher just might be a crook
So if you won a grand, but you don't want to get caught out there