A-yo, K-Def, what's up
(Yo, situation's thick man, niggas got Funke, yo)
Word. Where's Jazz?
(Yo, he at the house)
Yo, man, this is gettin' me vexxed (Word)
What is niggas tryin' to do, man?
Play him one minute, then try to play me?
Yo, we got to let 'em know
That the House of Hits is not havin' it (Definitely)
The Lords is not havin' it (No question!)
And NJ is definitely not havin' it (Word, yo)
(So, yo, I'm gonna go down and get your crew)
Nah, nah, I gotta do this one myself
Yo, DoItAll!


Well, I'm gonna creep through your area with steps that are slowly
Camouflaged in black so niggas they don't know that
While niggas givin hi's I'm givin' goodbye's
I'm still shooting persons out the corners of my eyes
But brothers know nothin' and ain't seen nothin'
But best yet the fest when I leave knots in their stomachs
So who wanna have a little shindig with me?
Well, bro, you got it, until the return of Funky
'Cause I'm that brother who was born in the under
And if you don't believe that then go ask my mutha
'Cause when it gets hot I ignite what I got
Just to let you know that I blow up the spot
You might also like

I have an attitude that's shitty but don't need no pity
'Cause all I wanna do is get down to the nitty
So watch every move as I step up on this groove
My voice is filled with madness, and not meant to sooth
Say the name DoItAll, say it backwards 
Say it one more time and I'll appear by your side
My voice'll drop a measure and your ears will feel the pleasure
You'll here my tongue lashing because my tongue is like leather
Now I be from the land where the crooks be grand
And the boys grow up to be the Stickyfinger man
Now I got you straight from the block known to rock you
But just like I got you some day you want the Do
I smell a sniff, can it be the Funkyman approachin'?
(Nah man, it's your jam)
Well I'mma keep roastin' on behalf of the Lords
I swear to my G, I have unity, my crew have unity and this is me
Now who be I when I be that fly guy from NJ?
Some say Doitall, but my real name is Dupre
The ghetto type heart is sparked by the horror
I creep at the corner while you search for tomorrow
Tomorrow, tomorrow, they love me tomorrow
Words I usually hear 'cause I have hip-hop by the collar
Underground the meaning: below, beneath
That's what they think of us rhymin' on these beats
Rap music - can't hear it, peep it, or speak it
That's why a Grammy, I'll probably never see it
So who in the public does the DoItAll trust?
The Lords, the Lord, until my heart busts
So remember, L.O.T.U.G. is forever
You dis one, you dis the other
You dis the other, you dis the under
And you don't ever wanna dis the under