"The beast lives out of the raging storm. In the dead of night, the ravenous, blood-sick creatures searches for it's sacrifice. Through the hideous darkness, it lurches, driven by death itself. Only the satisfaction of slaughter will cause it to return to the darkness from which it came."

Boogie Woogie Woogie Woogie Wu
Boogie Woogie Woogie Woogie Wu

Boys and girls, it's nighty night time
Happy J the Clown has a nursery rhyme
It's about The Boogie Woogie Man
Keep your light on as long as you can
'Cause when it cuts off, so does your head
Boogie Woogie Woogie waits under your bed
With a shank, shpaa! Up through the bottom
Little Jimmy Jimmy? Got 'em
"It's the one and only Boogie Man
He creeps, he hides, he sneaks, he slides
If your little feetsies are hanging off the edge of the bed
You're running on stumps, motherfucker!"
Well, moonlight fills the room that you sleep in
Things go bump in the night, me creepin'
Ouch! Fuck! I stubbed my toe
If you'd just quit leavin' your shit all over the fucking floor
Fuck it, you're dead anyway
And I'ma leave your head smack dead in the hallway
In the morning, when your daddy walks out
Ah! His foot's in your mouth, thanks to the Boogie Man
You might also like
Boogie Woogie Woogie Woogie Wu (Here comes the boogie man)
Boogie Woogie Woogie Woogie Wu (Heha! Heha! Heha! Heha!)
Boogie Woogie Woogie Woogie Wu (Make way for the boogie man)
Boogie Woogie Woogie Woogie Wu (Mom! Dad! Heha! Heha!)

"Does the Boogie Man really exist?"
Well, is your mother a bald-headed freak bitch? Yes
You fall asleep and you wake up dead
With a broken broom stickin' out your forehead
(Little baby, go to sleep) I sing lullabies until you doze off
Tie you down and chew your fuckin' toes off
And then spit 'em out back in your face
*Spits* Fuck! Wash your feet, bitch!
"The world famous Boogie Woogie Wu will come to you
Slumber parties, sleepovers, intimate nights
Whatever the occasion for the midnight hour
He will gladly come and fuck that shit up"
I don't beat woman, fuck that, I'm above it (No, no)
But I'll cut her fuckin' neck and think nothing of it (Uh huh)
You didn't know the Boogie Man was a clown
But when you see the Juggla, you're holding your jugular
With a swing, chop, stab, swing, chop
You're holding your neck together, but your nuts drop
And the cops do the best they can
They pull the axe out your face and say, "Was it the Boogie Man?"
Boogie Woogie Woogie Woogie Wu (Here comes the boogie man)
"What was he wearing? Ha ha"
Boogie Woogie Woogie Woogie Wu (Heha! Heha! Heha! Heha!)
Boogie Woogie Woogie Woogie Wu (Make way for the boogie man)
Boogie Woogie Woogie Woogie Wu (Mom! Dad! Heha! Heha!)

"Please don't let me fall asleep
'Cause the Boogie Man will creep
Through my window in my room
Stab me with a broken broom
Please don't let me fall asleep
'Cause the Boogie Man will creep
Through my window in my room
Stahhh..." "Boogie Woogie Woogie!"

"It's the incredible, undeadable Boogie Man
Go ahead, pull the covers over your head hide under 'em
He don't give a fuck! It'll just make it that much more easier
For him to suffocate your face!"
There's three ways to stop me from doin' what I do
What? You think I'ma tell you?
"Mommy, could you leave the door open a bit?"
Thanks, an easy way in, you fuckin' idiot
Now I stretch your neck out and play it like the banjo
*Banjo sounds* You like that shit, yo?
Then I stretch it out more and fling your head through the wall
It's the Boogie Man y'all
Boogie Woogie Woogie Woogie Wu (Here comes the boogie man)
Boogie Woogie Woogie Woogie Wu (Heha! Heha! Heha! Heha!)
Boogie Woogie Woogie Woogie Wu (Make way for the boogie man)