Oh
Fuck

Well, I don't understand the phenonemon
We fuckin' these hoes that look like spalalala
Rich boys think that it's shitty
But I like fucking crackheads with one titty (Fuck yeah!)
And I do it at the drop of a dime
And I get the scabies almost every time (Every time!)
So let's talk about my nutsack
I don't front, Jack, I got bugs on my ballzack
Well I'm Violent J, and I ain't no bitch
I'm always quick to tell you when my nuts itch
'Cause, bitch, if I'm itchin' when I come home
Drop a brick in a sock, swing it on your dome
You didn't think nothin' of it, just let me stick it
Probably should of known, 'cause I thought I heard crickets
In your neden, but I wasn't sayin' nuttin' though
I wasn't sayin' nuttin' til I'm done nuttin', ho
And now I'm like, "Bitch, how can this be?
I'm tryin' to sleep, and my nuts are up watchin' TV
And they try to walk to the store and get a 40
How'd these bugs get on me?"
Somebody asked me how I got scabies
Probably that homeless fat redneck bag lady
That I fucked in the shed
Then the little critters on my ding-a-ling said
You might also like
Your nuts we want your nuts
We'll itch and scratch and bite your nuts
Your nuts we want your nuts
Please, oh please, fuck dirty butts
Your nuts we want your nuts
We'll itch and scratch and bite your nuts
Your nuts we want your nuts
Please, oh please, fuck dirty sluts

Spurs on my boots and I don't give a hoot, 'cause I got me a pretty woman's love

I met this bitch and went up in it
Dropped her off, went to the clinic
Bitch, I got bizugs on my siznack
So tell me what's up with that (Ho)
Should've said something 'bout your bug problem
Now I'm gonna have to sock you in your mouth, bitch!
Can't keep my motherfucking hands out my drawers
Stick a roach motel up under your balls
Nah, I'd rather stick em in a deep fryer
And sizzle those motherfuckers off my wang
So you wanna fuck around, always gotta buck around
Lift up your ding-a-ling, nothing but a bug ya found (Oh!)
Now they call you funky nuts 'cause you like funky butts
Scratching and biting 'em, then they call you monkey nuts
But I ain't sayin nothin', 'cause you ain't playin nothin'
Bring the track back and I get back to the nutsack track
Better try to rap 'cause the bugs is biting'
But I ain't going out like a bitch, yo, fuck that
Stick 'em in a blender and hit the switch (No!)
Then I hit the bitch
Met this bum in the back of a dumpster
Fucked her in the rumpster, juggalugga humpster
Had to take a piss, so I pulled out my wang
Then I heard my ding-a-ling sing
Your nuts we want your nuts
We'll itch and scratch and bite your nuts
Your nuts we want your nuts
Please, oh please, fuck dirty butts
Your nuts we want your nuts
We'll itch and scratch and bite your nuts
Your nuts we want your nuts
Please, oh please, fuck dirty sluts
Your nuts we want your nuts (Anyway, dog, man)
We'll itch and scratch and bite your nuts (You know what I'm saying?)
Your nuts we want your nuts (Bitches have nuts in their neden)
Please, oh please, fuck dirty butts (And then you get bugs on that mother fucking shit)
Your nuts we want your nuts
We'll itch and scratch and bite your nuts (What up, man?)
Your nuts we want your nuts (Hey, bitch, fuck you! Scabies?)
Please, oh please, fuck dirty sluts (Check it out, man)
Your nuts we want your nuts (Look, man)
We'll itch and scratch and bite your nuts (We love all these hoes, you know)
Your nuts we want your nuts ( around)
Please, oh please, fuck dirty butts (But you know, we can't be gettin' bugs on our shit)
Your nuts we want your nuts (You know what I'm sayin'?)
We'll itch and scratch and bite your nuts (Maybe it's the rabies and the mother fucking scabies)
Your nuts we want your nuts (I can't be having centipedes on my dick, man)
Please, oh please, fuck dirty sluts (You know what I'm sayin'?)
Your nuts we want your nuts (The lobsters, no way)
We'll itch and scratch and bite your nuts (You know, I like  man, one of these bitches )
Your nuts we want your nuts (We Southwest down)
Please, oh please, fuck dirty butts (And you know bitches be jocking that shit, man)
Your nuts we want your nuts (You know what I'm saying?)
We'll itch and scratch and bite your nuts (All you have to be is from the Southwest dot)
Your nuts we want your nuts (And bitches be like, who  is that, man?)
Hey
Check this out, man
I can remember back in school
Back in elementary school
Yeah, shit used to be cool then, you know what I'm sayin'?
'Cause it was all about shootin' dice and playin' dodgeball and shit
You know?
But then somethin' happened, man
Everybody grew up
And now ain't nothin' the same
Like this one punk mother fucker
The same motherfucker I was tradin' G.I. Joes with and playin' kickball
Is gonna run up on me and throw a gang sign, talkin' about
He's gettin' ready to fly my head and shit
Well, fuck you, you know
'Cause you're still the same fake-ass bitch you always was
So don't come up on me with that shit, 'cause I know you too well
You still the same gotta be (Get back, man) and my six Jell-O eating motherfucker you always was
Oh yeah, and a couple years ago, I fucked your sister at your birthday party
So don't come up on me, 'cause I know you too well, bitch boy