I know you all ain't in
I just want to let y'all know something, man
You all know I love you
You all know you're my homies
And eh, alright we'll talk later, peace

Let me ask you this about this life we live
And let me try to swerve some of this attention you give
To them distant-ass relatives over ham dinner
If they really miss you so much why don't they just call a (Motherfucker!)
If you wasn't blood, would you still have love?
Or in fact does the blood make you think you have to love?
Look I probably love my family more than anybody here
But my homies are family too, third cousins get outta here
Who was you with when you got tatooed?
Who was you tripping with when you did them mushrooms?
And who the fuck threw up all over your car
And then felt worse than you about that shit in the morning? (Friends ya'll)

Who loaned ya money, homie? Who owes ya cash?
Who taught you how to use a bong for the grass?
I don't know much but I gotta assume
When ya hit ya first neden, ya homies was in the other room
You might also like
We talkin' about homies, homies
(Talkin' about the road dogs of mine)
Our motherfuckin' homies, homies (That's my dog)
(We throwin' up Clown Love signs)
Real Juggalo homies, homies
(Talk 'bout the road dogs of mine) (Homies for everybody)
Homies, homies (Man, that's my dog)

Have you ever had a job that you truly despise?
Like, I dunno, maybe dish washing or fucking flipping fries
Then you've got this boss who think he the Don Mega
Because he the head manager chief chili fry maker
All you could vision is ya'll beating him down
Your homies standing on his back while you're kickin' his head around
But responsibility is there, I can't lie, though
I'd have been plucked his fucking eyeball out with a chicken bone
Crazy as fuck I'll rip your piercings off
And now my homies are holding me back so I don't look soft

When you snuck the car out who did you get?
And when you got caught, on who'd you blame that shit?
Who you relax around and scratch yo balls?
Homies, I'm talking about like you and yours!
We talkin' about homies, homies (That's right)
(Talkin' about the road dogs of mine)
Our motherfuckin' homies, homies (Everybody, what)
(We throwin' up Clown Love signs)
Real Juggalo homies, homies (Everybody, what)
(Talk 'bout the road dogs of mine) (Yeah, yeah)
Homies, homies (Hey, hey, hey)

You don't like me you can fuck on! (Carnival ain't for everyone)
(Keep it in your clique, fuck the outside, baby)
You don't like me you can fuck on! (Carnival ain't for everyone)
(Runnin' with the homies 'til I'm old like Grady)

Me and my homies stay tight like a noose
And if you step to one of us you betta step to the whole crew
I never knew that I could depend
That I could have some friends that's down til the very end
Well that's my home boys, excuse me, my family
And when we conquer the world
We macking on the galaxy cause the skys the limit
And we ain't finished
And if my homies gonna ride then you know I'm with it
Puff it and pass it and I give it to my homies ya'll
Hit it and quit it, then I give it to my homies ya'll
I got the world around my finger with my homies ya'll
And everything is obsolete unless I hear my homies call
We worldwide, were homies across the planet
Sticking together like zippers on a Michael Jackson 'Beat It' jacket
They got my back like a tat for that, I love ya'll
Hanging till we old and grey like grandpas

(Psychopathic) Homies, homies
(Talkin' about the road dogs of mine)
My motherfuckin' homies, homies (Hey, hey)
(We throwin' up Clown Love signs)
Real ass Juggalo homies, homies
(Talk about the road dogs of mine) (Hell yeah) (Juggalo homies)
Homies, homies (Hey, hey, hey)

You don't like me you can fuck on! (Carnival ain't for everyone)
(Keep it in your clique, fuck the outside, baby)
You don't like me you can fuck on! (Carnival ain't for everyone)
(Runnin' with the homies 'til I'm old like Grady)
You don't like me you can fuck on! (Carnival ain't for everyone)
(I ain't talkin' 'bout my family or my motherfuckin' lady)
You don't like me you can fuck on! (Carnival ain't for everyone)
(Swingin' hatchets on the daily with my crew out Detroit)

Our motherfuckin' homies, homies (Yeah)
(Talkin' about the road dogs of mine)
Real life Juggalo homies, homies (Hey, hey)
(We throwin' up Clown Love signs) (Juggalo homies)
Homies, homies
(Talk about the road dogs of mine) (East side, west side)
Homies, homies (North side, south side)

You don't like me you can fuck on! (Carnival ain't for everyone)
(For real, we ain't got nothin' but love) (World wide, world wide, baby) (Put that on yo mama)
You don't like me you can fuck on! (Carnival ain't for everyone)
(Twiztid, Legz Diamond, Insane Clown Posse, Rude Boy)
You don't like me you can fuck on! (Carnival ain't for everyone)
(Zug Izland, Mike Peezy, Blaze)
You don't like me you can fuck on! (Carnival ain't for everyone)