You know what would be the shit? (Let's trip in the sun)
What if we had our own island, man (Let's trip in the sun, baby)

I got my toes in the sand, watchin' hoes play volleyball
It's summer time, and I'm feeling jolly, ya'll
Food on the fire, boats in the water and
Takin' time off from my serial slaughterin'
Here for the weekend, me and these friends
Sunny sunshine, blue skies never end
There's a mermaid wavin' me to come in
Underwater on my balls she's hummin'
Smokin' on a phat one, we come to have fun
I got my dick in your hotdog bun
Pouring out shots for everybody that's sippin'
Let's get loose now, skinny dippin'
Don't hate me cause the speedo I'm wearin'
Got your girlfriend starin'
We out here, sky's so clear, ice cold beer
Suntan, topless, bitch! Come over here

Get up, y'all (On Juggalo Island)
We can be one (Ha ha ha ha ha)
Let our nuts hang by the water (On Juggalo Island)
We can have fun (Ha ha ha ha ha)
We can let go by the water (Word up)
You might also like
Bang! Pow! Boom! Sunny like high noon
Met some lettes, and they all comin' over soon
Have a luau, I'm getting blew out
Come over here if you ever get threw out
We got a place for ya, never will ignore ya
Got a hot plate and a drink we gonna pour ya
Corpse on the grill, plays on the one, two
And around here, the dead have fun too
Stiffs in the water floatin', we see you
Doin' flips in the air, run and see, dude
No cops, unless they pourin' up shots
Unless they're helping us smoke these crops
Surfin' on the big one, havin' big fun
Fuckin' with a big fat one under the sun
Lettin' them hang, doing our thang
Listen to 'em up and down the beach, everybody sing

Get up, y'all (On Juggalo Island)
We can be one (Ha ha ha ha ha)
Let our nuts hang by the water (On Juggalo Island)
We can have fun (Ha ha ha ha ha)
We can let go by the water (Word up)

And when the sun goes down, we up all night
Dance of the dead, boogie woogie in the moon light
Fuck the rules, right? The dead do bite
Listen to the ouija board, we can only do right
Can't do wrong, fatty in a blue thong
Everybody can't be together with you gone
Come get with this, we gettin' ridiculous
This world is ours, every bit of this
Get you a burger with cheese, enjoy the breeze
I'm choppin' coconuts outta palm trees
And we all in, a free ballin'
See me shore side, surfin' on a dolphin
Grass skirts, dead hula girls, hatchets
And whatever your fishin' hook catches
We don't leave without you, so lets hang
Boom! Pow! Bang! Let's do the damn thang
Get up, y'all (On Juggalo Island)
We can be one (Ha ha ha ha ha)
Let our nuts hang by the water (On Juggalo Island)
We can have fun (Ha ha ha ha ha)
We can let go by the water (Word up)

Let's trip in the sun, baby (On Juggalo Island)
Let's trip in the sun, baby
Let's trip in the sun, baby (Ha ha ha ha ha)
Let's trip in the sun, baby
Let's trip in the sun, baby (On Juggalo Island)
Let's trip in the sun, baby
Let's trip in the sun, baby (Ha ha ha ha ha)
Let's trip in the sun, baby

(Let's trip in the sun, baby) Get up, y'all (On Juggalo Island)
We can be one (Let's trip in the sun, baby) (Ha ha ha ha ha)
Let our nuts hang by the water (Let's trip in the sun, baby) (On Juggalo Island)
We can have fun  (Let's trip in the sun, baby) (Ha ha ha ha ha)
We can let go by the water

*Police sirens*
"Man, what the fuck? I'm so sick of this shit. What the fuck? Come on, guy. God damn. What the fuck."
"Good evenin', sir. Where are you headed tonight."
"Up your mom's ass."
"Okay, license and registration, please."
"Come on, do you seriously think I got a registration for this bitch? I just stole this mother fucker like forty-five minutes ago."
"You have any idea why I pulled you over?"
"I'll tell you why, 'cause you're a lonely fuckin' nerd in a cop suit drivin' around goin' 'Woo hoo hoo hoo!'"
"Is there anything you wanna tell me before I run your license, sir?"
"Yeah, it's a fake license, you got some powdered sugar in that mustache of yours, and lastly, fuck off, bitch!"
"Okay, stay put."
*Laughing* "Fuck you"
"Well, as I imagine, everything is all fucked up. You've got several warrants, and as you said, this vehicle is stolen, and you're obviously drunk."
"Oh, wow, extra donuts for you, dick breath"
"Just be careful next time and wear your seatbelt. Oh, and um, it sounds like you got somebody in the trunk, kickin' and screamin' and whatnot."
"Don't worry about that, fuck hole! That's my business. You go eat a bowl of poop, bitch. I'm out this piece. Fuck off!"
*Car speeds away*