"Let's meet contestant number one. He's a schizophrenic serial killer clown who says women love his sexy smile. Let's find out if his charm will work on Sharon. Sharon, what's your question?"

"Contestant number one, I believe first impressions last forever. So let's say you were to come over to my parent's house and have dinner with me and my family. Tell me what you would do to make that first impression really stick"

Let's see, mm, well, I'd have to think about it
I might show up in a tux, HA!, but I doubt it
I'd probably just show up naked like I always do
And look your momma in the eye and tell her, "FUCK YOU!!!"
Hurry up, bitch, I'm hungry, I smell spaghetti
I'd pinch her loopy ass and tell her, "Get the food ready!"
Your dad will probably start trippin' and get me pissed
I'd have to walk up and bust him in his fucking lips!
It's dinner time, we hearing grace from your mother
I'd pull a forty out and pour some for your little brother
I'm steady staring at your sister, I'll tell you this
You know for only thirteen, she got some big tits
After that, your dad will try to jump again
And only this time, I'd put the forty to his chin
After your mom does the dishes and the silverware
I'd dry-fuck her till I nut in my underwear

"Now, let's meet contestant number two. He's a psychopathic, deranged, crackhead freak who works for the Dark Carnival. He says women call him Stretch Nuts. Sharon, let's hear your question"
You might also like
"I like a man who's not afraid to show his true emotions, a man who expresses himself in his own special way. Number two, if you fell in love with me, exactly how would you let me know?"

First thing, I could never love you
You sound like a richie-bitch, yo, FUCK YOU!!!
But if I did, I'd probably show you that I care
By taking all these other motherfuckers outta here
I'd go through your phone book and whack em all
And find contestant number one and break his fucking jaw (What?!)
Anyone who looked at you, would have to pay
I'd be blowing fucking nuggets off all day
I'd grab your titties and stretch 'em down past your waist
Let 'em go, and watch 'em both spring up in your face
I'd sing love songs to you, the best I can
Get you naked, and hit it like a CAVEMAN!!!
Then we'd go to the beach and walk through the sand
I'd throw a little in your face and say, I'm just playin'
As you spit it all out, I'd rub your back
And grab your underwear and wedge it up your ass crack!!

"Well it sounds like contestant number two is just over-flowing with sensitivity, Sharon. It's a tough choice so far! Sharon, let's have your last question and see which one is going to win the rights to your neden"

"Okay, if we were at a dance club, and you both noticed me at the same time. Tell me, how would you each get my attention, and what would your pick up line be?" (Well) "Whoever's the smoothest wins!"
Okay, first I'd slide up to the bar
And tell you that I can't believe how fucking fat you are
I'd tell you that I like the way you make your titties shake
And if you lost a little weight, you'd look like Ricki Lake
Fuck that, you'd be jocking me quick
I'd order you a drink and stir it with my dick
And then to get your attention in the crowded place
I'd simply walk up and stick my nuts in your face
Yeah, freak her with your nuts, yo, that'll get her
Tell her that's she fat, yeah, that'll work even better
Look, fuck you, I got a strong rap
Shit, you don't want contestant number two. He's mad wack
I walked into a barn and there he was
Standing up on a bucket, eww, trying to fuck it
It was a big fucking smelly-ass farm llama