Alright alright, alright alright alright. Next we got a guy comin' out from Compton, California, gonna tell you all about his experiment with a drug called stix. That's some kind of embalming fluid mixed with sherm those niggas down in...ha, those black guys down in Compton
*guy toking up*
Yo stop that!

Who got the balm? Who got the balm?
Somebody? Anybody? Who got the balm?
Who got the balm? Who got the balm?
Somebody? Anybody? Who got the balm?

Pass me the dip, it's time to take a hit
Of the potent ass shit, the kind that make you strip
Two-headed critter, now I'm an airplane
Flyin' high inside my brain
You know karate, I know insane
Try to beat me down I feel no pain
Puffer, toker, loopy loop smoker
Coolio loca, laugh like The Joker
Loony, psychotic, nutty, kinda crazy
Down for mine, that's the way mama raised me
Summertime we freak in the heat
Butt naked in the middle of the street
We're smokin' stix
Yeah
You might also like
Who got the balm? Who got the balm?
Somebody? Anybody? Who got the balm?
Who got the balm? Who got the balm?
Somebody? Anybody? Who got the balm?

If you don't know how to do it, yo here's how ya do it
Take the Sherman cigarette and dip it in the fluid
Oh my God! Oh my God! Now the shit is lookin' lovely
Light and stars all around me and above me
Never feelin good, I watch a motherfucker work
Try to step into the Circle I chop 'em up like wood
Put 'em in an envelope and send it off to Interscope
'Cause nigga's gettin' short, I'm chokin' from the smoke
I pass it to my homey so he can take a toke
Got a large loot, got it robbin' that's 'cause I was broke
Jumped in the bucket, mad styles like a demon
If only you could trip off that shit that I'm seein'
I got to get a grip 'cause the nigga's about to flip
Sometimes that's how it get when you're smokin' stix
Yeah

Who got the balm? Who got the balm?
Somebody? Anybody? Who got the balm?
Who got the balm? Who got the balm?
Somebody? Anybody? Who got the balm?
Wake up the next morning in a cold sweat
Under the bed, soakin' wet, wearin' boots and a hair net
Empty .45 was layin' on the dresser
Last night I played the role of the tester
Toked up a good bag, then I had a good nap
Flashback got me ready to scrap
I don't know what I done did
And I don't know where I done been
I know last night I robbed my friend
And if that's wrong then call it a sin
But I was broke and broke ain't no joke
And I can't cope without my Smith so
So dip it up and watch me suck it up
And I'll get fucked up and I might go nuts
So pass the loot motherfucker, pass the loot!
Pass the loot motherfucker to a troop
We're smokin' stix
You're getting late, I can't wait much longer
I lose all my control when I start to feel this way
Let me feel it, I know it's there