(Religion!) Belief in a divine or superhuman power or powers to be obeyed and worshipped as the creator and ruler of the universe!
(Superstition!) Any belief or attitude based on fear or ignorance that is inconsistent with the known laws of science or with what is generally considered as true and rational!
(Reason!) To think coherently and logically; to draw influences or conclusions from facts known or assumed!
(Fact!) A thing that has actually happened or is really true
(Real!) True, objectively so; not merely seeming, pretended, imagined, fictitious, nominal, or ostensible
(Faith!) One question in belief that does not require proof or evidence
(Proof!) A test or trial of the truth, worth, quality, etc. of something
(Fool!) A person with little or no judgment, common sense, wisdom, etc
(Slavery!) A condition of submission or up to domination by some influence, habit, etc
(Independent!) Free from the influence, control, or determination of another or others controlling or governing oneself
(Responsible!) Able to distinguish between right and wrong and to think and act rationally, and hence accountable for one's behavior
(Freedom!) Exemption or liberation from the control of some other person or of some arbitrary power; liberty; independence
You might also like(Individualism!) The doctrine that the individual freedom in economic enterprise should not be restricted by governmental or social regulation; laissez-faire. The doctrine that the state exists for the individual and not the individual for the state. The doctrine that self-interest is the proper goal of all human actions; egoism. The leading of one's life in one's way without conforming to prevailing patterns
(Laissez-faire!) The laws and policy or practice of letting people act without interference or direction without governmental regulation or control
(Deceive!) To make a person believe that what is not true; delude; mislead
(Cynical!) Denying the sincerity of people's motives and actions
(Hero!) Any man admired for his courage, nobility, or exploits, especially in war
(Courage!) The attitude of facing and dealing with anything recognized as dangerous, difficult, or painful, instead of withdrawing from it
(Crusade!) Vigorous, concerted action for some cause or idea, or against some abuse
(Salvation!) A saving of being saved from danger, evil, difficulty, destruction, etc
(Evil!) Resulting from or based on conduct that is considered immoral
(Moral!) Relating to, dealing with, or capable of making the distinction between right and wrong in conduct
(Integrity!) The quality or state of being of sound moral principle; uprightness, honesty, and sincerity