What do you wanna do tonight?
I dunno, I dunno
Just got paid, we could go drinkin'...
Who's playing at the Lingerie tonight?
I just got a copy of The Reader, let me check this out here
Uh... Some guy, what is this here?
Zogz Rist! 
No, no, no... It's Zoogz, that's it! Hey Zoogz!
Where'd you get a name like that?
Zoogz. And his Amazing Shitheads. Kind of fucked up if you ask me
Did you read this?
Ain't Duran Duran playing somewhere tonight?
Or let me see here... It's alright, it's uh
Oh tonight, Culture Club. Great!
That song about the snake... I love that song!
KROQ plays it all the time with uh, shit, what's that other one?
"Don't you want me baby?"
Man, that's great. I love those avantgarde bands with all that electronic stuff
You know? Those weird organ things. The Moogs
Moogz Rist! 
How much money you got? Can you loan me six bucks?
Ah, never mind, I'll take it from my old man's wallet! 
We can take my car. I'll need a jump start
Just push that shit on the floor
You might also likeHey, there's a fucking hooker!
It looks like your sister! 
Hey, you! Suck on this, bitch! 
There's the Lingerie
Yell if you see a space. Wait, there's one
Hey, jerk! That asshole took my space!
What? Yeah, I'm 21
You don't need no ID
Hey, do I gotta pay to get in? I'm a friend of Zogz
Hey look-it, Christmas lights on the piano! 
This band's gonna be weird
Yeah, two beers
Hey, did you get tickets for the Eurythmics?
How long did you have to wait in line?
Yeah, Ticketron sucks
Uh-huh
Who are they playing with? The Mentors?
Hey, far out!
When does this band start?
Hey, Zoogz! Let's go here!
Hey Shitheads! 
This band's gonna suck
Hey, is that him over there?
The guy who looks like Orson Welles? Is that him?
Fuckin' looks like he fuckin' swallowed a fuckin' bowling ball  Fuckin' slob, dude... This is gonna suck
We should have gone to the Coliseum
Here they come
What the... Are they in tune?
It sounds... What the hell is this?
My little brother can play better than these guys
Hey, you guys know any Van Halen tunes?
Mmm, women. Man, this sucks
Who's on Saturday Night Live tonight?
There's nobody even here to pick up
Do you have any quarters?
There's a Pac-Man down the street
I'll play you best out of five

I'm sorry if I don't appear to have too much to say tonight
But that seems to be the way things work out sometimes
There's not always some profound revelation
For all of us to ponder while we slam our ways into each others' hearts
Let's just say it's good to wear nice clothes
And brush one's teeth, I suppose
Put Clearasil on one's nose
And Dr. Scholl's between our toes
I'm okay, you're okay
I guess it's best that's all I say
It's best that's all I say
Tonight
Nothing else is new, the weather hasn't changed
And I wish I could vote for all the political candidates this year
There's so many honest, decent besides to choose from
People are basically good, and believe me things are gonna get better
Let's just say I'm happy to be back
I hope I make you smile before you hit the sack
Hope you don't gather too much sweat between your crack
When I get to having my Heart Attack
I'm okay, you're okay
I guess it's best that's all I say
It's best that's all I say
Tonight
Let's just say it's good to wear nice clothes
And brush one's teeth, I suppose
Put Clearasil on one's nose
And Dr. Scholl's between our toes
I'm okay, you're okay
I guess it's best that's all I say
That's all I say