Woo!
Hear the sound of your body drip, drip, drip
As I kiss both sets of lip-lip-lips (Mwah!)
Hear the sound of your body drip, drip, drip
As I kiss both sets of lip-lip-lips (Mwah!)

I ain't afraid to drown
If that means I'm deep up in your ocean, yeah
Girl, I'll drink you down
Sipping on your body all night
I just wanna take your legs and wrap 'em 'round
Girl, you cumming right now
My head to your chest feeling your heartbeat, girl
Swimming all in your sea, and you sweating all over me
Bring it forward, don't you run, run

I don't want to be a minute man
Baby, you're just like a storm raining on me
Girl, you're soaking wet, woah-woah

I'ma kiss it right, yeah, yeah
I'm gon' lick all night, yeah, yeah
Girl, when I'm inside, yeah, yeah
Yeah girl, you heard what I said
I'm gonna make you wet the bed (Bed), bed (Bed), bed (Ooh)
I'm gonna make you wet the bed (Bed), bed (Bed), bed (Ooh)
I'm gonna make you wet the bed (Bed), bed (Bed), bed (Ooh)
I'ma put your legs behind your head when I make you wet the bed
See Chris Brown LiveGet tickets as low as $60You might also like
You don't know what you're in for
'Bout to get inside your mental, huh
Bend ya back like it's limbo
I'ma make you feel like a nympho
Tonight, oh-woah, you're mine, baby girl, oh
Any time you want it, I'm ready and willing, girl, to give it
I start to lick your body, you go to trembling
Flip it around, girl, lemme get it from the side
And can I visit all those spots you like?
Your neck, your back, your sexy lips, booty and thighs

I don't want to be a minute man
Baby, you're just like a storm raining on me
Girl, you're soaking wet, yeah-yeah, ooh

I'ma kiss it right (Oh-oh), yeah, yeah
I'm gon' lick all night (Oh-oh), yeah, yeah (Girl, when I'm inside and I get to ya)
Girl, when I'm inside, yeah, yeah
Yeah girl, you heard what I said
'Cause I'm gonna make you wet the bed (Bed), bed (Bed), bed (Ooh)
I'm gonna make you wet the bed (Bed), bed (Bed), bed (Ooh)
(Oh-woah, it's like a monsoon around here)
I-I-I'm gonna make you wet the bed (Bed), bed (Bed), bed (Ooh)
(Seem like she just wanna leak, she need a plumber, huh?)
I'ma put your legs behind your head when I make you wet the bed
(Let me tell you what I'ma do, Luda!)
I'ma make your body wetter than ever
We'll get together, you can tell as soon as I approach ya (Woo!)
When you're feelin' uptight, get it right, don't fight
Lighten up like Sammy Sosa (Ha!)
Women call me the super soaker (Yeah) and I'ma soak your bed to death (Don't stop)
(Ha, ha) How long can you hold your breath? (Oh)
As-As-Ashma attackin', wakin' up wonderin' what happened
Makin' me high like Toni Braxton (Oh)
You can't deny you wanna break my back in, two (Yeah)
What you wanna do?
Look at you with your birthday suit, suit, suit, suit, suit (Yeah)
The forecast said it's cloudy tonight (Yeah)
And I'ma have your body like bloop, bloop, bloop, bloop (Woo!)

I'ma kiss it right (Woo!), yeah, yeah
I'm gon' lick all night, yeah, yeah, yeah
(You probably to get baptized, baby, hurricane Luda)
Girl, when I'm inside, yeah, yeah, ooh
(Ain't no way you gon' weather this storm, hey!)
Yeah girl, you heard what I said, ooh
(Holla at 'em, Chris, let's go!)
I'm gonna make you wet the bed (Ooh, bed), bed (Bed), bed (Ooh)
I'm gonna make you wet the bed (Oh, bed), bed (Oh, bed), bed (Ooh)
I'm gonna make you wet the bed (Bed), bed (Bed), bed (Ooh)
(Oh-oh-oh-oh)
I'ma put your legs behind your head when I make you wet the bed (Oh)
(Ooh)
Hear the sound of your body drip, drip, drip (Ooh)
As I kiss both sets of lip-lip-lips (Mwah!)
Hear the sound of your body drip, drip, drip