Whoa, whoa, whoa...
She be like, "One mississippi, two mississippi STOP! "
Backed up, you roll then you drop
Like I said before, he's my man
What part of that conversation don't you understand?
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
(She's gonna get ghetto up in here)
The gloves gonna come off, grease up my face, put you in your place
Didn't want to scrap, poppin' on the cap when ya gotta fall back now
Tryin' to be a lady but you keep pushin' me
It's gonna get pretty
Leave me alone, go on by the way stop, throw another cell phone?
When you had him, you mistreated him
Now I found him and I'm feedin' him
And he's happy, there's no drama
So you can save those high notes for the opera
'Cause I ain't givin' him up
I'm lovin' him up
Me and him every night, drinkin' from the same cup
They say you don't know a good thing 'til it's gone
And now he landed in my arms
She be like, "one Mississippi two Mississippi rock! "
Backed up, you roll, then you drop
Like I said before, he's my man
What part of that conversation don't you understand?
Whoa, whoa, whoa...
(She's gonna get ghetto up in here)
The gloves commin' off, grease up my face, put you in your place
Didn't want to scrap, poppin' on the cap when ya gotta fall back now
Leave me alone, go on by the way stop, throw another cell phone
Took advantage of his kindess
Didn't appreciate his sweetness
Now I'm present, you're the past
Ain't my fault what y'all had didn't last
See, I wanna kill the confusion
(Girl, there ain't no confusion)
I want you to know it's me he's lovin'
(You know it's you I'm lovin')
I'm even thinking about having his children
So, I think you should go find yourself a new boy
This ship done sailed a long time ago!
Have you ever been in a party, droppin' your sexy and bottles
Came flyin' in your direction? Turned around saw two kitty-cats fightin'?
Tried to play the good samaritin, now your face is scratchin
They're gettin' pretty, pretty, gettin'
Someone call security bout to be an outbreak
Stillettos comin' off, white tee commin' off
When the cops break it down half the party's in my loft
The gloves gonna come off, grease up my face, put you in your place
Whoa, whoa, whoa...