Soulja!

My flow sicker, your dough thick? Well, my dough thicker
You talk shit, I will kick your door, nigga
I call my goons, my brand new chopper is coming soon
AK-47 got 'em dialing 911
I pull that trigger, y'all fuck with my lil' nigga
I come through, get ya, hop out, them hollows hit ya
Keep thinking it's a game, niggas ain't playin'
Soulja Boy, I'll bust your brain
Nigga talking all that shit, y'all niggas cannot represent
Fucking with a young ass killer, young ass gorilla
Nigga, I'll split ya, I'll deal with ya, knife stick ya, ice pick ya
Run for your life, nigga, I won't tell ya twice
Bitch, go run, do the Dougie, all the gangstas, they love me
These hoes, they be all on me, they can't help that they want me
They want me back
I'm on another level, bitch, you heard me say that, didn't you?
S.O.D, I never mentioned you because you not worthy
Yeah, we royalty, don't talk to me, bitch, you not worthy

Mean mug? Nigga, you gon' mug who?
Rob me? Nigga, we gon' rob you
Choppers on me, niggas, we don't give a fuck
I'm in the club, nigga, fuck your mean mug
Fuck your mean mug, nigga, fuck your mean mug
Fuck your mean mug, nigga, fuck your mean mug
Fuck your mean mug, nigga, fuck your mean mug
Fuck your mean mug, nigga, fuck your mean mug
See Soulja Boy LiveGet tickets as low as $55You might also like
When I'm trippin', I'm twisted, I slap my clip in
When I flip, ho, duck down when I start gettin'
I'm iced out, bitch, my neck and my ears drippin'
I lost count, all this paper I be gettin'
Any fucking game, nigga, pass me the ball
And watch a nigga ball, I'm Gucci to the drawers
I'm money over all, I don't really give a fuck
Tatted on my neck and throat and them girls lick me up
Lick me up 'til I pop, shawty swallow every drop
From the balls to the top, she must do this shit a lot
She's a freak, she's a pro, got that paper, it's a go
Bring the kush, bring the dro, she might bless you on the low
Man, that's why I picked you off the ground
If you make a fucking sound
Disrespect my fucking crew, bitch, is you a fucking clown?
Get the fuck back, nigga, we up in the club
High as fuck, talk shit and you gon' get dropped

Mean mug? Nigga, you gon' mug who?
Rob me? Nigga, we gon' rob you
Choppers on me, niggas, we don't give a fuck
I'm in the club, nigga, fuck your mean mug
Fuck your mean mug, nigga, fuck your mean mug
Fuck your mean mug, nigga, fuck your mean mug
Fuck your mean mug, nigga, fuck your mean mug
Fuck your mean mug, nigga, fuck your mean mug
Yeah, misery loves company, nigga
I'll send you to see yo' dead motherfuckin' homies
Come right close to you, 187 to most of you
Chop-Choppin' out the window
Fuck is the matter with yo' face, nigga?
What the fuck is you lookin at?
I will spin that motherfuckin' barrel at you, nigga