Listen closely because we will all see this weapon used in our lives
It can be used on a society of the most ignorant to the most highly educated
We need to see these tactics as a weapon against humanity and not as truth
THIS IS HOW TO CREATE AN ENEMY! THIS IS HOW TO START A WAR!
THIS IS HOW TO CREATE AN ENEMY!
First step: create the enemy. Sometimes this will be done for you
Second step: be sure the enemy you have chosen is nothing like you
Find obvious differences like race, language, religion, dietary habits
Fashion. Emphasize that their soldiers are not doing a job
They are heartless murderers who enjoy killing!
Third step: Once these differences are established continue to reinforce them with all disseminated information
Fourth step: Have the media broadcast only the ruling party's information
This can be done through state run media
Remember, in times of conflict all for-profit media repeats the ruling party's information, therefore all for-profit media is state-run
Fifth step: show this enemy in actions that seem strange, militant, or different
Always portray the enemy as non-human, evil, a killing machine
THIS IS HOW TO CREATE AN ENEMY. THIS IS HOW TO START A WAR
THIS IS HOW TO CREATE AN ENEMY
You might also likeSixth step: Eliminate opposition to the ruling party
Create an "Us versus Them" mentality. Leave no room for opinions in between
One that does not support all actions of the ruling party should be considered a traitor
Seventh step: Use nationalistic and/or religious symbols and rhetoric to define all actions
This can be achieved by slogans such as "freedom loving people versus those who hate freedom."
This can also be achieved by the use of flags
Eighth step: Align all actions with the dominant deity
It is very effective to use terms like, "It is god's will" or "god bless our nation."
Ninth step: Design propaganda to show that your soldiers
Have feelings, hopes, families, and loved ones
Make it clear that your soldiers are doing a duty; they do not want or like to kill
Tenth step: Create and atmosphere of fear, and instability
Then offer the ruling party as the only solutions to comfort the public's fears
Remembering the fear of the unknown is always the strongest fear
THIS IS HOW TO CREATE AN ENEMY! THIS IS HOW TO START A WAR!
THIS IS HOW TO CREATE AN ENEMY!
We are not countries. We are not nations.(enemy)
We are not religions. We are not gods. We are not weapons. We are not ammunition.(enemy) We are not killers.We will NOT be tools
Mother fuckers
I will not die
I will not kill
I will not be your slave
I will not fight your battle
I will not die on your battlefield
I will not fight for your wealth
I am not a fighter