Y'all tryna make a next motherfuckin' scene up in here, huh?
It's fucking Shmurda she wrote (Ah-ah-ahh)
How much Shmoney's that?
(Nah-ah-ahh! Ah-ahh!)
Grr-r-r-r!
Jahlil Beats, holla at me

And Chewy, I'm some hot nigga (Hot nigga)
Like I talk to Shyste when I shot niggas (What's good?)
Like you seen him twirl, then he drop, nigga (Seen him drop!)
And we keep them nine millis on my block, nigga
And Monte keep it on him, he done dropped niggas
And Trigger, he be wilding, he some hot nigga
Tones known to get busy with them Glocks, nigga
Try to run down and you can catch a shot, nigga
Running through these checks 'til I pass out (Pass out)
And shorty give me neck 'til I pass out (Pass out)
I swear to God, all I do is cash out (All I do)
And if you ain't a ho, get up out my trap house!
I been selling crack since like the fifth grade (Like the fifth grade)
Really never made no difference what the shit made (What the shit made)
Jaja taught me flip them packs and how to maintain (How to maintain)
Get that money back and spend it on the same thang
Shorty like the way that I ball out (Ball out)
I be getting money 'til I fall out (Fall out)
You talking cash, dog, I goes all out (All out)
Shorty love the way that I floss out (Floss out!)
Free Greezy, though, let all of my dogs out (Let my dogs out)
Mama said no pussycats inside my doghouse (Pussy nigga)
That's what got my daddy locked up in the dog pound (Huh)
Free Phantom though, let all of my dogs out
We gon' pull up in that hooptie like we cops on 'em
With M16s, we gon' put some shots on 'em
I send a lil' thot to send the drop on him (Send it, send it)
She gon' call me up and I'ma sic the hots on him (And I'ma, and I'ma)
Grimey savage, that's what we are (We are)
Grimey shooters dressed in G-Star (Star)
GS9, I go so hard (Hard)
But GS for my gun squad (That's for my gun squad)
And, bitch, if it's a problem, we gon' gun-brawl (Bow nigga!)
Shots popping out the AR (B-B-B-Bow, nigga!)
I'm with Trigger, I'm with Rasha, I'm with A-Rod (B-B-B-Bow, nigga!)
Broad daylight and we gon' let them things bark
Tell them niggas free Meeshie, ho (Free Meeshie)
SUBwave, free Breezy, ho (Free Breezy, ho)
And tell my niggas, Shmurda teaming, ho (Shmurda teaming, ho)
Mitch caught a body about a week ago, week ago
Fuck with us and then we tweaking, ho, tweaking, ho
Run up on that nigga, get to squeezing, ho, squeezing, ho
Everybody catching bullet holes, bullet holes (B-B-B-Boom!)
Niggas got me on my bully, yo, bully, yo
I'ma run up, put that gun on him (That gun on him)
I'ma run up, go dumb on him (Dumb on him)
Niggas got me on that young shit (That young shit)
Got me on that go-dumb shit (Dumb shit)
You might also like
Got me on that go-dumb shit, man
Trap mode in this motherfucker
Hotter than a bitch