Yeah nigga, yeah nigga
Who the hardest nigga you know?
He ain't shit
Snatch his weed and step on his kicks
Call him a bitch, a hoe, a fag
He better not say shit don't want none of the rag (Du Rag)
Quick to hit his ass with the boom, bink, bop
3 to the jaw, choke him out with the slingshot
Then I might hit the punk with the red dot
Put his bitch ass in a figure-4 headlock
Either way, he wish he would've tucked tail
That nigga pussy, I know how duck smell
Swell up his jaw, with my right paw
Then I spray his bitch ass like Lysol (chhhhhhh nigga)

What nigga
Who the hardest nigga you know nigga?
Fuck that nigga
And his other nigga, nigga

Who the hardest nigga you know? (Who nigga?)
He ain't shit (Bitch)
Give me the gun and hand me the clip (Nigga)
Stand there and make a muscle and I'm flexin' (Fell it nigga)
And watchin' niggas run for the exit (Nigga)
Harder than taxes ask yo mattress
Layin lumber while you pokin' bitches with cactus (Haha)
Know I'm fuckin', why you hatin'? Come home from work and playin Madden on yo PlayStation (Winning nigga)
Drink your beer, disciple yo youngins
Eat all yo hot chips, and yo Funyuns (Muthafucka)
And you better not say shit, or your son gonna' see your bitch ass gettin' pistol whipped (Muthafucka)
You might also like
Who the hardest nigga you know nigga?
Fuck that nigga

Who the hardest nigga you know? He ain't shit (Nigga)
Spit on his momma and piss on his bitch (His bitch nigga)
See these fist, he don't want to try these
Bitch ass nigga bow down like he Chinese (Nigga)
'Cause ain't nobody harder than me
The D to the U R-A to the G
On the corner with the pistol out cocked
Wavin' rocks the ones still won't stop
They just ride by like they don't see me
Fuck the police, so I bust freely (Nigga)
'Cause ain't nobody harder than me
Du Rag so hard my dick hard when I pee (Du Rag)

My dick hard when I pee muthafucka
I gotta bend my shit nigga
Hard as a muthafuckin nail muthafucka with rust on it bitch ass nigga
Quit callin' me stalkin' me, you hoe ass muthafucka
Talkin' 'bout "Imma get you. Imma get you."
Get me nigga
Come get me nigga
I'm hard muthafucka, don't you know that?
You and yo nigga ain't shit nigga
You soft ass Silly Putty muthafuckas
Fuck all that bullshit who the hardest nigga you know nigga?
He ain't shit, nigga
That's what I'm talkin' about
And you nigga, if you so muthafuckin' hard nigga quit callin' me private muthafucka
Leave a number for me to call your bitch ass back you bitch
Nigga
Nigga who the hardest nigga you know nigga?
He ain't shit nigga