I bought a '87s Cadillac Seville, girl I got a Mazarati too
I wear diamonds on my fingers, I got a couple on my toes
I wear the finest perfume money can buy, it keeps me smellin' like a rose
If you wonder how I do it, there's just one simple rule
I'm just cool. Honey, baby, can't you see?
Girl, I'm so cool. Ain't nobody bad like me?
C O O L
What's that spell? - C O O L
I might dine in San Francisco, dance all night in Rome
I go any freakin' place I want you, and my lear jet brings me home
I got ladies by the dozens, I got money by the ton
Just ain't nobody better, heaven knows that I'm the one
And it's all because of something that I didn't learn in school
I'm just cool. Honey, baby, can't you see?
Girl, I'm so cool. Ain't nobody bad like me?
Sing it baby. - C O O L
What's that spell? - C O O L
That spell cool. - Cool
What time is it?
See Morris Day LiveGet tickets as low as $72You might also likeListen baby, it takes a lot of lovin' and a little money to be a friend of mine
But baby, if you know how to shake that thing, I'll try to squeeze a little time
'cause I make love, love every mornin' to who's ever by my side
Well, you might say that I'm a nymphomaniac, but it keeps me satisfied
When I look into the mirror, it just tells me something I already know
I'm so cool! Honey, baby, can't you see?
Girl, I'm so cool. Ain't nobody bad like me?
Sing it. - C O O L
What's that spell? - C O O L
What time is it? - Cool
I'm so cool
Cool, that's right. I'm cooler than Santa Claus, baby
Ain't nobody bad like me? Somebody pinch me
I must be dreamin', I know that's right
'cause there ain't nobody bad like me
What time is it?
Is it time to get my hair done yet?
I said, "What time is it?"?
Time to just walk and shake my head
I'm cool 'til I'm dead
Enough has been said, Come on baby, let's go to bed
Everybody. - Walk, shake my head!
Cool 'til I'm dead!
Enough has been said, let's go to bed!
When I look into the mirror, It just tells me something I already know
I'm so cool. Ain't nobody bad like me?
I'm so cool. I said, ain't nobody bad like me?
All together now. - C O O L
What's that spell? - C O O L
Band? - Yes!
Is anybody hot? - No!
You know why? - Why?
'cause we're cool. - Cool!
Yes! No! Why? Cool!