Yeah..
Now in my lyrics I kick this shit that the critics debate to
But I still create the shit that the brothers relate to
'Cause it's simple, but I'm no simp, I'm letting you have it
To the temple leaving a scar much bigger than a pimple
You want the rubber from a gangsta boot to your grill?
Come take a ride with me and witness the thrill
Of an ass-whooping issued by the brothers in the khaki pants
Some think I'm too light to fight, so then they'll win but I grin
When I sail to your motherfucking chin (MMM)
So suckers keep walking until the po-po is talking
In plain simple english; no wait in plain simple slang, no jivin'
Fucking with me is more lethal than drinking and drivin'
Or try to figure the flow I deliver
Punk, it makes you shiver when you think I'm taking two to your liver
The D-to-the-E-to-the-motherfucking-A with a vengeance
A side of Quik that you ain't never experiencing
I'm stutter stepping with crap on the low and I flow well
Intensifying with every line 'cause I show and tell
My backup is backing, never leaving me lacking
With Double or Nothin, KK, D and AMG and we're stacking
Up shells - for motherfuckers just like you
(For a punk motherfucker with a punk motherfucking crew)
Yo, I know you peeped that you just can't creep
It's too steep, so take a leap because we roll too motherfucking deep
See DJ Quik LiveGet tickets as low as $82You might also like
"(How deep?) Deeper than Atlantis" - Brother J (X-Clan)
"Niggas can deal with that shit" - Richard Pryor
So I'm rolling... deep... deep
"Deeper than Atlantis" - Brother J (X-Clan)
"Man, that's bad..." "...Naw, that's good!"

You see we rolling deep 'cause a nigga playing the backseat
We won't get beat, so run up and get sweeped
By a young motherfucking ass nut
We whoop your ass and make your momma feel it
And watch you just fold up
It's Tha D in the back with the strap
Down for some shit with a bitch in my lap
Punk motherfuckers like to play the brave role
But I don't give a fuck, you can still get T-rolled
It ain't like you never been checked befo'
You stupid nigga, your bitch, your ho
The motherfuckers rolling the backstreets
Not giving a fuck because we roll too motherfucking deep

"(How deep?) Deeper than Atlantis" - Brother J (X-Clan)
"Niggas can deal with that shit" - Richard Pryor
So I'm rolling... deep... deep
"Deeper than Atlantis" - Brother J (X-Clan)
"Man, that's bad..." "...Naw, that's good!"
Deeper than the crack in your momma's cot
Too deep for a nigga, now I can't stop
'Cause niggas'll roll deep, deep in the middle of the street
So deep we roll onto next week
Two's and fo's, that nigga K throws heavy blows
Heavy enough to knock the snot out of niggas nose
'Cause niggas ain't nothing but head and shoulders
Fuck pellets, nigga, we shootin' boulders
And I'ma roll 'cause I'm doing my own thing
(Yeah, motherfuck a posse, we roll with a gang, niggas)
For those who wanna sleep, time to creep
Straight up fools 'cause niggas is rolling deep

"(How deep?) Deeper than Atlantis" - Brother J (X-Clan)
"Niggas can deal with that shit" - Richard Pryor
So I'm rolling... deep... deep
"Deeper than Atlantis" - Brother J (X-Clan)
"Man, that's bad..." "...Naw, that's good!"

Fuck a one-time jack, I eenie meenie miney wet the hoes
Back in the alley, I be rolling on the pimping mode
Unfadable 'cause I'm D-double-E-P
AMG be catching niggas slipping constantly
And hoes wanna ho, with a niggerole like so
And after I trick, yo, see you later, bitch
And niggas think they know what they talking 'bout, what you saying?
It was your bitch that I was fucking laying and playin'
So if she was fine don't be denying that I did her
Trust your data, nigga, and let my dick get with her
Because another motherfucking gangster's strollin', yo
In the nine-oh, niggerole, this is how I'm rollin'
"(How deep?) Deeper than Atlantis" - Brother J (X-Clan)
"Niggas can deal with that shit" - Richard Pryor
So I'm rolling... deep... deep
"Deeper than Atlantis" - Brother J (X-Clan)