I'm running from
My own weakness
Come on I've got to speak this truth
When I'm losin my direction
I run that self-inspection I learn my lessons well
Yo I fell hard you see me gettin up
I'm fucking up adversity
In a temporary state of clarity
Hmmm, life is a parody, paradox
Enigma I she'd that skin with the stigma
Roll on to the next day
Confusin all my critics with these topics
Various versatile, universal satirical
Analytical, personal, political
You cynical mc. s, you can. t see these ryhmes
Comin' with reason, my eyes are open wide
The havenots keep hopin'
My words are spoken
The chosen will someday be broken
And see how their gods have all fallen
You don't understand why it's so damn easy
Can't understand why it's so fuckin easy
So how you like it like it now
Yeah yeah right, whatever, whatever
Well mr. fucking know-it-all, he got all the answers
Knows all about the "industry", he ain't shit to me
I got skills yo i. m the contenderi. ll rock your party tilthe motherfuckin roof come in
Yeah, it. s on fire burn like that pussy in da morninghad all night to simmer
Young girl wake up, the dick be in her, already
I was fuckin when she had her first barbie
Easy bake oven, she was pissin in her panties
Ain't shit she can do that ain't been done
Ain't nothin wrong with you girl
I ain't the one...
Yeah come on, but you can. tunderstand why it. s so damn easycan. t understand why it. s so fuckin easyso how you like it like it now
You can. t understand why it. s so damn easycan. t understand why it. s so fuckin easyyou can. t understand why, why, why.i tried the way the way was not mine
If I get lost don. t try to find memy kind got left behind
Yeah so how you gonna
Show me the way when it. s not minehow you gonna show me the way
When your ass is blind
Your way, one way, but not mine
I. d rather be left behind
Where is your salvation
When will it come?
Wrong
How does it feel...how does it feel now
How does it feel...how does it feel
Punks jump up to get beat
Punks jump up to get beat down
So many tried to make me feel like an outcast
Put me to the test, yo again I pass
Check out the flying colors
All the sisters and brothers by my side
Still we ride with pride
U n I t y
That's what calls me, same destination
We keep our salvation within
Givin' all that I got for the future
Knowin that my journey yo will never be over
I already told ya with them loops that we flowed ya
Knowledge, wisdom, and experience can mold ya
Hold on to your mom. s and your soul yesya stay true to yourself
All else will follow ya
This brother. s goin deep...a little deeperjust another man with a plan and a seed we can grow
I. ll let you know just who and what I amso what the fuck do they want from me?
Why do they fuck with me
The hednigga is just another human being
Got my head up in the sky, walkin feet above the ground
Oh yes much pussy to the left
Pendejos to the right of me
Who think they know it
Yeah I tried the way
But the way was not mine
I tried the way the way was not mine
Your way, one way, but not mine
Now let. s see who gets left behind, come onhow does it feel, how does it feel
How does it feel, how does it feel
Punks jump up to get beat punks jump up to get beat down