Sha
Yea, Ha ha
Cha'll niggas thought y'all wasn't gon' see me
(J Hood) S.P. we comin' to get you baby (Mwah)
(Lenny S) Sheek Louch
Fat smelly motherfuckers
D-Block!
Rocks is worms tryna get at me baby (I see you)
(Double R) They can't fuck with your man though (Y.O.)
(We get it on for real) Niggas don't need no hugs, we ain't (D-Block!) emotional over here
We got knife work, gun work
We got all kind of work
(We beat niggas the fuck up)
I don't wanna see that nigga
See me when you see me
I don't wan' have (You better not want) not one, yo
(Fuck You!) Uh huh, wha, yea
(Bitch!) Uh, wha, yea, yo

Yo when I met you, you was on my dick (Uh huh)
Jigga gave you his old Bentley's, now you on some shit (Damn)
And I don't know where they found you son
But since ya pops ain't around I'mma punish you and ground you son
And niggas can't stand you Sigel (Uh uh)
Ya flow is mine anyway so don't bite the hand that feed you (Woo)
Them niggas that gassed you is ass too
Trust me, them niggas don't wanna shoot 5 dawg they rusty (Uh uh)
Believe it or not, ghetto is mine (Yea) and when I see you, I'mma put ya cornrows on the yellow lines (Yea) (Woo)
I got niggas in Philly that been where you live
Fuck Scarface, my bullets hit women and kids
Worst mistake was tryin' for me
And you can bring your baby gorilla with you, he dyin' for free (Woo)
And I'm stuntin on a disco beat (Uh Uh)
And you'se a fag, ya next rhyme should be on a Sisqo beat (Uh)
And I hate Beans but fuck it, Kiss gon' eat (Uh)
It's me and you, fuck the labels, lets go street (Com on)
And ya rap fans need me, I don't know why this nigga keep talkin' greasy when Macs jam easy (Yea)
Fuck was you thinkin' nigga?
Fat stinkin nigga (Ha ha ha)
What bitch wanna lay wit'chu? fuck nigga, I could get you merked in a day or two (Yea)
No casket, only thing left was a braid or two
You forget, reason that you signed to the Roc (Uh huh)
Cause you listened and you watched, and listened to The Lox (Faggot)
All it take is a gun and a bomb
You got me on tape, Hard Knock Life tour, huggin' ya mom
Mos def, I'll have a nigga bury your carcass (Yea)
For a Kool G and I'm not from Rawkus (Uh uh) (Woo)
Dawg you still gotta convince me (Uh huh)
And don't be a coward and try to turn Philly against me (Yea)
And I ain't makin' no more songs neither so when I shoot him in his face, I don't wanna hear that I'm wrong neither ( )
Hold that, suck my dick
Faggot!
None of ya'll niggas can fuck wit Kiss
It's the J to the izz A (Uh)
D to the izz A ya'll niggas is pussy, ya'll don't want no gunplizzay (Uh)
Sigel's not real to me therefore he doesn't exist (So poof)
Vamoose, son of a Kiss
You might also like
What!
Excellence!
You bitch ass nigga
Ayo say something else about another fuckin' gun
I'll smack the shit out you
Faggot!
Who the first nigga you seen wit a glass jaw that's raw?!
You don't smoke dro, you smoke dirt!
Faggot!
Poppin' all that shit, albums
Philly, I love y'all Philly!
Ayo fuck you
Fuck you though, coward!
Fuckin' faggot!
Faggot!
Sheek Louch talkin' you bitch ass nigga
Whole staff!
In the streets, niggas don't want shit
Whatever!
August 7th we gon' see!
Fuck rappin' daddy!
I'm in every hood, for real!
I got my jewelry on, whatever!
Know what I'm sayin' get off...
Faggot! get off niggas dicks
Off top, niggas see niggas in real life say these niggas is gangstas
Y'all know who the new pioneers is!
Pussy ass nigga
Y'all know the new pioneer!
Faggot!
It's over!
Yo, Kiss let's get the fuck outta here