What? (Yeah, yeah)
What? What? What? (Yeah, yeah)
What? Beep (Yeah, yeah)
(What? What? What?)
(Beep, beep, beep)
(What?)

Big Baby DRAM get the big bread (What? What? Beep)
Big Baby DRAM get the big loaves (What? Beep)
Big Baby DRAM on your head (What? Beep)
And Big Baby DRAM doing the most (What?)

Bitch, all I got is crumbs for you (What?)
(All I got is crumbs for you)
Bitch, all I got is crumbs for you (What?)
(All I got is crumbs for you)
Nigga, all I got is crumbs for you (Beep)
(All I got is crumbs for you)
Bitch, all I got for you is crumbs (What?)

Two shows in one day (One day)
A hundred K weekend (Cash, yeah)
Two hoes in one day (One day)
Spanish and Asian (Yeah, yeah)
I own my own place (Yeah)
I go score it myself (I do)
Press the code at the gate
Now welcome to my cell (Come on)
We got mollies, we got Lucy (Come on)
Christina 'round here somewhere (Come on)
We got shea butters in here (Yeah)
Swimming in they underwear (Yeah)
Get what the fuck I want (Yeah)
When the fuck I want (Yeah)
Anything I want, I go get it (Yeah)
'Cause I paid the cost to stunt (Yeah, beep)
You might also like
Big Baby DRAM get the big bread (Show out, show out, show out, check it out, what?)
Big Baby DRAM get the big loaves (Show out, show out, check it out, beep)
Big Baby DRAM on your head (Check it out, check it out)
And Big Baby DRAM doing the most (Beep)

Bitch, all I got is crumbs for you (All I got is crumbs, what?)
(All I got is crumbs for you)
Bitch, all I got is crumbs for you (What? Check it out, check it out)
(All I got is crumbs for you)
Nigga, all I got is crumbs for you (Check it out, check it out)
(All I got is crumbs for you)
Bitch, all I got for you is crumbs (Check it out, check it out, beep)

All I got for you is clients (Clients, clients)
Junkies at my door, that be my clients (Check it out, check it out, check it out, check it out, check it out)
Bitch, the world is mine (Check it out, check it out, check it out, what? What?)
Fuckin' on this bitch, she super fine (Super thick bitch, what? What?)
Ayy, I'm off the Perc' (Perc'), shit
Shawty wanna fuck me, wanna flirt, huh, ayy
Diamonds on me flirting, yeah, they twerk, huh, ayy, huh, ayy
Bitch, I keep the work (Beep, beep)

Big Baby DRAM get the big bread
Big Baby DRAM get the big loaves (Check it out, show out)
Big Baby DRAM on your head (What?)
And Big Baby DRAM doing the most (Beep)
Bitch, all I got is crumbs for you (All I got is crumbs)
(All I got is crumbs for you)
Bitch, all I got is crumbs for you (What? Check it out)
(All I got is crumbs for you)
Nigga, all I got is crumbs for you (Check it out)
(All I got is crumbs for you)