Aye, the money come and go, the money come and go
Money come and go, that money can go, yo
Money come and go, oh, oh, oh, yeah

Ooh, if you gotta check in your name
For a hundred thousand dollars
Honestly, what would you do? (what would you do?)
Ooh, what would you do? What would you do?
Ooh, if you got that check in your name would you try to
Solve everyone's problems with dollars
'Cause, what's it to you? What's it to you? (what's it to you?)

Now, I'ma start this off sayin' a hunnid racks (hunnid racks)
Doesn't mean you're rich, please know this as a fact (that's fact)
I wish there was somebody that had told me that (told me that)
And if they did, I'm sorry for opposin' that (damn)
What would you do is what I'm askin' since you know it all right? (nah)
You say save but really wanna blow it all in four nights (damn)
You really wanna chain, don't you? (uh-huh) and a Rollie
Vacation, first class for you and the homies
Bitch on my moms, you go broke like that (like that)
They only helped y'all to help smoke yo' packs (that's fact)
Everybody eats if everybody works
I don't want you on the streets, but at least be on the curb
And they gon' say 'we' to include themselves
Go on all types of rants tryna prove themselves
Put it on pause, stop that shit from goin' on
If they show you empty pockets, you gon' find them niggas
You might also like
Ooh, if you gotta check in your name
For a hundred thousand dollars
Honestly, what would you do? (what would you do?)
Ooh, what would you do? What would you do?
Ooh, if you got that check in your name Would you try to
Fix everyone's problems with dollars
'Cause, what's it to you? (what's it to you?) What's it to you? (aye)

Now, let me tell you this lil' story 'bout mine ('bout mine)
Towards Summer '15, what month, start of July (July)
I got me a check just short of 150 (150)
Or north of 130 (what?) Or one-thousand Benjie's
Yeah, I threw my momma I think like twenty-five
Fuck them college loans, 'cause twenty-two isn't right
Twenty-five in Airbnb alone, that's no lie (damn)
But, I still had to provide
Plus, I had paid all my dealer's best (dealer's best)
Who let me slide? 'Cause it be's like that (be's like that)
ATM knows where yo card, it turned off
When I had a job, I was not seen at all
I was still drivin' on E, no gas (no gas)
Nothing but lint in my jeans, low cash
Hadn't seen a bank in like fifty-eleven years (seven)
Havin' others work the stove, sharin' one forty ounce here
Straight outta no cash, them boom, oh my
Sunshine my forecast, brighten my sky
I tried to make it flip, like old metal jam years
Still payin' high rent, thank God I'm still rich
Ooh, if you gotta check in your name
For a hundred thousand dollars