Oh, yeah, CMB, Once again it's on folks
Ah yeah, Sexual, exoticness
One time for your mind
Two times for your soul
And this is J.B. ha, ha,ha.......
Come on, it's like, Come on it's like....
Yeah! let'em know
You're all alone
I bet you're thinking to yourself
Why your thighs
Are sitting there by themselves
You're the kind of girl
To call me up and over coming fly
And it don't intimidate me
Your body is so slamming
Girl I can't grab control
'cause i'll be grabbing everything soft. Ooh...
It's just so nice to kick it with someone who's sexuality
Says nothing but can I get you off
And I said
Chorus
Any day an night, anywhere is right, back of my jeep
When I get you from the back, baby (back baby, yeah!)
There's more cushion for the pushin' from the back
If I get you back tonight
If I get ya' back tonight
I wanna' make you come faster, faster
I wanna' ride you to, here and after
From the back
You might also likeYo, ho ho ho (on the real deal)
I think it's time for you and me to make love, (yeah, it's about that time)
Wild and wet fantasy
When were playing doctor baby I'll be Mister Freaky M.D
I'll get your free full body examination, like the way the doctor suppose to be
Coz' baby you've got somethin'- somethin' so right (oh ya!)
I can get so-oh, into you
Pretty back, back, front of me
You better grab, grab, hold on to me
Hold on to something to tight
Coz' I am about to give you something right
You say you're just thinking about it
How it makes you loose control (loose it baby, loose it baby)
But pretty soon you'll be sittin' wet in your seat
Hey baby that's OK, I'll just come over and see (come on, come on)
Soak it up, soak it up, sponge it up
You can take a mike check on me. (yeah, baby)
Chorus twice
Oh, no no no damn
Girl, yes, give me all baby (all night long)
I wanna' love you from the back, baby
I just want you to be you
Chorus
Said I wanna' get you off .....
I wanna' make you come, here and after (oh...)
Love you in the morning...
Love you in the night.....
Make you funk, funk, back, back
Feels so right