Ayo, Sean, you, Mr. Kingston

Dutty, dutty, dutty, love, love ( sexy )
I'm feeling like you letting go
(Let's go) Dutty, dutty, dutty, love, love (C'mon)
I'm feeling like you letting go (C'mon)
(Uh huh) Dutty, dutty, dutty, love, love ()
I'm feeling like you letting go
(Young Money) Dutty, dutty, dutty, love, love (Oh!)

Don't be scared, girl, call on me
'Cause me, I want you for my eyes, I'm a lover, you see
And the way you a wine and the way you a gwan
You said, "no matter how much I feel rushed, I will not stop, yo"
But baby girl, will you be mine?
Let go, show your skin because you're one of a kind
Me nah gon' lie, girl, I must be in love
'Cause the way you are grindin' off my car top, girl

Dutty, dutty, dutty, love, love
I'm feeling like you letting go
Dutty, dutty, dutty, love, love
I'm feeling like you letting go
Dutty, dutty, dutty, love, love
I'm feeling like you letting go
Dutty, dutty, dutty, love, love, whoa!
See Sean Kingston LiveGet tickets as low as $60You might also like
What if you would just come right out of these clothes?
You can finally feel the wind when it blows
Don't be scared to be free to let go, show it off
Feel like letting go (Let's go), oh, oh, oh, oh

I'm here in  life
'Cause you need Sean King inna your life, girl
King, I'm a man and a man can't change
And if I come over there so I'll lock up with them lips, yo
I feel like letting go
If you never know, baby, now you know
'Cause you're one of a kind and you dress so fine
Like my diamond on my chain, you shine so bright now

Dutty, dutty, dutty love, love
I'm feeling like you letting go
Dutty, dutty, dutty love, love
I'm feeling like you letting go
Dutty, dutty, dutty love, love
I'm feeling like you letting go
Dutty, dutty, dutty love, love (Let's go), oh!

What if you would just come right out of these clothes? (Whoa)
You can finally feel the wind when it blows (Feel the wind)
Don't be scared to be free, to let go, show it off (Ooh, no)
Feel like letting go, oh, oh, oh, oh (Uh, yo)
Ayo, Sean, you, Mr. Kingston
You say you have it, Louie it, and then some
Look how you gwan in all your ice, you pretty and you nice
Yuh done know seh Nicki a yuh wife
But you say, "I be up where you stay"
I ain't like them other bitches that be actin' loosely
Know you gettin' hyper, I know you wanna get up in it
But I just want to think about it for another minute
I think I like your style, wile
Why don't we let go?
Ayo, and I ain't gotta tell 'em and I ain't gotta sell 'em
It's YSL, daddy, I ain't gotta spell it
And yes, I killa-kill 'em, I guess I am the villain
I park on the curb, I'm the owner of the building, the building
Ya deaf? Boy, me soon left
Come get this Playboy bunny like Hugh Hefner
Rastafari
Dutty, dutty, d-d-d-dutty, duh (Ooh yeah!)

What if you would just come right out of these clothes? (Ooh yeah!)
You can finally feel the wind when it blows (Feel the wind)
Don't be scared to be free, to let go, show it off (Show it off)
Feel like letting go, oh, oh, oh, oh
(Uh huh) Feel like letting go, oh, oh, oh, oh