And we don't stop, no ma
What's the problem?
You always complain, when it's chicks that's starvin'
What type of game is this?
I used to support ya, I thought you'd appreciate
Some of the things that I bought ya
Shoes from Milan, Louis Vuitton
Animals on back and jewels on your arm
Mami, it's nothin' to make moves with a don
Loon the big fish, leave dem fools in the pond

Just when I made up my mind, I don't want you at all now
You had your chance, you owned me
What makes you wanna call now?
Can you try and tell me what made you choose her as your friend?
(Chose your perfect friend, baby)
Just when I think you've given up
It's you again
And all I can say

Farewell, my lonely one
Nothing else here can be done
(So hit the freeway!)
I don't ever wanna see you again
You didn't do me right so
So long, goodbye, goodnight
(So hit the freeway!)
Maybe in some other life, I will see you again
You might also like
I would have bet the Dow Jones if then compared to our fun, yeah
Imagine how crushing it was when you had said I was not the one
(I didn't mean it girl, sorry 'bout that)
My friends say I was in denial, defendin' you as a perfect friend
(You know I like you)
Now new rumors have risen up
Uh-uh, it's you again
Now all I can say

Farewell, my lonely one (Farewell)
Nothing else here can be done
(So hit the freeway!)
I don't ever wanna see you again (Sing it, girl)
You didn't do me right so
So long, goodbye, goodnight (Bye-bye, baby)
(So hit the freeway!)
Maybe in some other life, I will see you again

(Bridge) I'm down that you'd left me
Crazy you upset me
You only could have kept me
But maybe you didn't get me off to pioneer, discover
Explore and cover, the world as we know it
But you had to go and blow it!
Damn, it's been so long since I heard your voice last summer
Well, to be honest, it made me smile when I'd seen your number
(Hey baby, you know I miss you, ha-ha, c'mon)
Baby, tell me why I should reconsider being your friend
(You know why, ha)
Well, maybe someday in your dreams, my love
You could say, "damn, it's you again"
Now all I can say

Farewell, my lonely one (Farewell)
Nothing else here can be done
(So hit the freeway!)
I don't ever wanna see you again (Don't wanna see you, baby)
You didn't do me right so (Do me right, babe)
So long, goodbye, goodnight (Bye-bye)
(So hit the freeway!)