You gotta copy on me, Pig Pen, c'mon? Ah, yeah, 10-4, Pig Pen, for sure, for sure
By golly, it's clean clear to Flag Town, c'mon
Yeah, that's a big 10-4 there, Pig Pen, yeah, we definitely got the front door, good buddy
Mercy sakes alive, looks like we got us a convoy...
Was the dark of the moon on the sixth of June
In a Kenworth pulling logs
Cab-over Pete with a reefer on
And a Jimmy hauling hogs
We is heading for bear on I-one-oh
'Bout a mile outta Shaky Town
I says, "Pig Pen, this here's the Rubber Duck
"And I'm about to put the hammer down."
Cause we got a little convoy
Rocking through the night
Yeah, we got a little convoy
Ain't she a beautiful sight?
Come on and join our convoy
Ain't nothing gonna get in our way
We gonna roll this trucking convoy
'Cross the U-S-A
Convoy!
Ah, breaker, Pig Pen, this here's the Duck. And, you wanna back off them hogs?
Yeah, 10-4, 'bout five mile or so. Ten, roger. Them hogs is getting in-tense up here
You might also likeBy the time we got into Tulsa Town
We had eighty-five trucks in all
But they's a roadblock up on the cloverleaf
And them bears was wall-to-wall
Yeah, them smokies is thick as bugs on a bumper;
They even had a bear in the air!
I says, "Calling all trucks, this here's the Duck
"We about to go a-hunting bear."
Cause we got a great big convoy
Rocking through the night
Yeah, we got a great big convoy
Ain't she a beautiful sight?
Come on and join our convoy
Ain't nothing gonna get in our way
We gonna roll this trucking convoy
'Cross the U-S-A
Convoy!
Ah, you wanna give me a 10-9 on that, Pig Pen? Negatory, Pig Pen; you're still too close
Yeah, them hogs is starting to close up my sinuses. Mercy sakes, you better back off another ten
Well, we rolled up Interstate 44
Like a rocket sled on rails
We tore up all of our swindle sheets
And left 'em setting on the scales
By the time we hit that Chi-town
Them bears was a-getting smart:
They'd brought up some reinforcements
From the Illinois National Guard
There's armored cars, and tanks, and jeeps
And rigs of ev'ry size
Yeah, them chicken coops was full'a bears
And choppers filled the skies
Well, we shot the line and we went for broke
With a thousand screaming trucks
An' eleven long-haired Friends a' Jesus
In a chartreuse micra-bus
Ah, Rubber Duck to Sodbuster, come over. Yeah, 10-4, Sodbuster? Listen
You wanna put that micro-bus in behind that suicide jockey? Yeah, he's
Hauling dynamite, and he needs all the help he can get
Well, we laid a strip for the Jersey shore
And prepared to cross the line
I could see the bridge was lined with bears
But I didn't have a dog-goned dime
I says, "Pig Pen, this here's the Rubber Duck
"We just ain't a-gonna pay no toll."
So we crashed the gate doing ninety-eight
I says "Let them truckers roll, 10-4."
Cause we got a mighty convoy
Rocking' through the night
Yeah, we got a mighty convoy
Ain't she a beautiful sight?
Come on and join our convoy
Ain't nothing' gonna get in our way
We gonna roll this trucking' convoy
'Cross the U-S-A
Convoy! Ah, 10-4, Pig Pen, what's your twenty?
Convoy! OMAHA? Well, they oughta know what to do with them hogs out there for sure. Well, mercy
Convoy! sakes, good buddy, we gonna back on outta here, so keep the bugs off your glass and the bears off your...
Convoy! tail. We'll catch you on the flip-flop. This here's the Rubber Duck on the side