Hey, check, one, two, what it do?  (You're the King, and you never told us?)

They tryna force me on that slave ship like Amistad
They call me thug, but I'm a god, me and my entourage
Forced me to live in the ghetto, luckily I survived
To live to talk 'bout it, could be dead, but I'm alive
I'm livin' witness to all they antics, but I ain't panicked
Then I survived all they moves, somehow I still managed
And born a nigga with tools to keep the hood damaged
Planted them seeds in our mind, but now I understand it
Grew up, I graduated
That made 'em agitated
Hate that I'm educated
Voter with registration
Pulled over no hesitation, demanded my registration
License, insurance, I got it all, yeah, I'm decorated
I asked for an explanation, like, "Why was I stopped?"
He said, "It's probable cause." So he gon' lie off the top
I said, "What?" He said, "Yuh. Why would I lie? I'm a cop."
I said, "Of course," as I laughed. Then he asked me to step out
I said, "I would, but I'm not. You need to run what you got
I ain't committed no crime, this bullshit need to stop."
So now I'm forced to comply, 'cause if I don't, I get shot
'Cause it's my word against theirs, yeah that's the way the rock
Cops
You might also like
They make us suffer and they don't suffer the consequences
They cops killin' they cop killas, that's contradictin'
We black men and black women, shot niggas
They justify it with no justice, the plot thickens
Just get me out this hot kitchen cause they cooking' niggas
Bookin' niggas, need visitation to look at niggas
Life or a bullet, the Grim Reaper, he took it, nigga
Over that edge where they pushin' niggas
Fuckin' us quicker than some pussy, nigga

Hey
We so divided and segregated
Racially separated, they promised us reparations
I'ma need my mule and forty acres, and my niggas to wake up
They shittin' on us like some toilet paper
And I can see through they hidden agendas
I ain't blind like a sun, now we gone in November
Killed our dreams, Dr. King, I know you remember
Murdered in Memphis, still Lorraine ain't no need to continue
Will it ever better? It seems like never ever
They treat us bad, it's been forever ever
Ain't no more Malcom X or Medgar Evers
They say it's changed, that's what we let 'em tell us
We still in chains, that's what we let 'em sell us
Yeah, that's that devil, fellas
It went from black and white to black and blue to black on black
Just 'cause we black on black, they beat us black and blue and that's a fact
They clutchin' in my city, no winnin', we losin' back to back
Doin' nigga shit for them diamonds, dollars, and platinum plaques
They make us suffer and they don't suffer the consequences
They cops killin' they cop killas, that's contradictin'
We black men and black women, shot niggas
They justify it with no justice, the plot thickens
Just get me out this hot kitchen cause they cooking' niggas
Bookin' niggas, need visitation to look at niggas
Life or a bullet, the Grim Reaper, he took it, nigga
Over that edge where they pushin' niggas
Fuckin' us quicker than some pussy, nigga