Fellas, if you got money, you can get women, okay? Now, if you got a lot of women, you can get some of the finest women in the world. So, with that being said, I want you to know, the way your woman look represents your income. Heh, so I'm saying, you ain't got to explain nothin' to me

They tryna say that you ain't a king (Ain't a king)
They tryna say that you ain't a queen (Ain't a queen)
That's why I don't listen to freedom ring (Ring)
Lock us in chains, and we ain't done a thing (Thing)
Profilin' me racially, no escapin' it, we
Forcefully takin' it, why they actin' evasively?
Police chasin' me, guilty what they makin' me
Mistakin' me for suspects, usin' bullets, erasin' me (Erasin' me)
Eliminatin' me (Eliminatin' me), intimidatin' me (Intimidatin' me)
Manipulatin' situations blatantly
Interrogatin' me, lyin', knowin' they hatin' me (They hatin' me)
We been under pressure lately (Lately)
Prayin' that God the one created me (Created me)
The Bible ain't real 'cause they created it (Created it)
Christianity crush the unity (The unity)
They fuckin' up my community (My community)
Opportunists, no opportunities
Nigga, nigga, they usin' that word fluently
Praisin' the hood, knowin' it ruined me
Uneducated black men suffer from truancy

Reportin' live from the belly of the beast (Nigga!)
Niggas with attitudes, fuck the police (Nigga!)
Roadkill, niggas dyin' in the streets
Shootin' niggas on camera, got 'em lyin' in the streets (Nigga!)
You wouldn't know how it feel to be a nigga (Nigga!)
Pulled over, then get killed 'cause he a nigga
Rich and educated, but hate us because we niggas
All they see is monkeys and gorillas
Niggas (Nigga!)
You might also like
I hear the bullshit when they spewin' it (My life, my life, my life)
They tryna ruin it (Alright, alright alright)
But they ain't doin' it (Why fight my fight? They fight)
But we ain't doin' shit (Yuh)
Niggas swear that they conscious just to sleep as them
They ain't talkin', they snorin', that's how they soundin'
Clown shit astoundin', that's a nigga's surroundings
I'm listenin', but hard to believe that shit they preach to them
Social media turnin' niggas to followers
The followers, they tryna demote a nigga from leadership
Followers, they followin' followers, ain't no leadership
Postin' bullshit they promotin', but they ain't leadin' shit (They ain't leadin' shit)
Blind leadin' the blind, read Stevie Wonder
Why we keep goin' under?
They gettin' older younger
A pack of food, some Ungers
Thinkin' that school dumber
It's gettin' hot and we losin' another crew, summer

Reportin' live from the belly of the beast (Nigga!)
Niggas with attitudes, fuck the police (Nigga!)
Roadkill, niggas dyin' in the streets
Shootin' niggas on camera, got 'em lyin' in the streets (Nigga!)
You wouldn't know how it feel to be a nigga (Nigga!)
Pulled over, then get killed 'cause he a nigga
Rich and educated, but hate us because we niggas
All they see is monkeys and gorillas
Niggas (Nigga!)
Man, ain't no justice they gotta justify
I swear they makin' up laws, they done got them shits customized
They kill him right on camera, now that shit publicized
Another brother died, his daddy dead, and his mother cryin'
Yuh, and that art is gettin' that harder
Just to protect our sons and our daughters
Heavenly Father, we sick of bein' bothered, regardless
They treat us cattle the way we get slaughtered
Now they on every block in the hood, you can't dodge 'em
I'm tired of seein' crime, mix black and white charges
I'm tired of seein' racism, black and white, saw that
Kids don't know the difference between a black and white Barbie?
Damn, niggas dyin' over bullshit
Another victim of a full clip, may he rest in peace
In his church clothes in a closed casket by the pulpit
Yeah, he boxed up, another young nigga dead
The other young nigga gettin' locked up
Murder, murder, murder, jail, jail
Lookin' at the news when it popped up
It ain't makin' no sense
I'm convinced
These the last days, and life a bitch