As I look out of my window
And hear a growing crescendo
What do I see?
What do I see?
I see a boy with his hands up
Another shot while in handcuffs
Screaming "Lord, why me? Lord, why me?"

You took his soul in front of his mama
You put the whole neighborhood through trauma
And this ain't no studio drama
When you look at him, what do you see?
(Yeah)

Now was he just another nigga?
Only needed him in your sight
Just long enough to squeeze the trigger
Promised the homies you would take his life
Planted the gun, now go figure
Now he'll never live to meet his wife
Got his friends pouring liquor
Tell me, do you feel bigger?
You might also like
(Check 1, 2, what it do?)
It's just another day in the hood
Minus the white folk
Obama leavin' Trump in position
That ain't the right vote
Laws killing in on me and they target practicing
Cold blooded murder, no charges, ain't nothing happening
Racial profiling lead to violence
Another brother dead, rest in peace, moment of silence
Barely got his diploma on his way to college
Asked him for ID, they shot him goin' for his wallet
Aviation was his major, wanted to be a pilot
I guess he got his angel wings before he started flying
Now mama crying, she want justice for her kid
"Mr. Officer, that's so fucked up what you did"
Another victim turned statistic, this ain't nothing different
Trayvon Martin, Michael Brown just to be specific
Dr. King had a dream, you can't tell me this it
I'm sorry Martin, but I'm with Marvin 'cause this ain't living
(No this ain't living)

Was I just another nigga?
Couldn't stand to see my success
It hurt enough to squeeze the trigger
Did I make it hard for you to be yourself?
Was I just trash for the litter?
Did my progress stunt your wealth?
My victory make you bitter?
Now tell me, do you feel bigger?
Lemme play devil's advocate for a second
We gotta take some of the blame to be corrected
I know your eyebrows raising, but it's a message
Now understand my point, lemme put it in perspective
It's a lotta real shit we been neglecting
Like us sticking together, that's the deadliest weapon
Racism ain't shit, it's just a mind game
For all these weak ass niggas playing the crying game
Nigga kill a nigga, ain't nobody talk
Police kill a nigga, everybody march
Do black lives only matter, doing hate crimes?
When blacks take another black life, we should hate crime

You took my soul in front of my mama
You put the whole neighborhood through trauma
Now, this ain't no studio drama
When you look at me, what do you see?

Was I just another nigga?
Couldn't stand to see my success
It hurt enough to squeeze the trigger
Did I make it hard for you to be yourself?
Was I just trash for the litter?
Did my progress stunt your wealth?
My victory make you bitter?