Sha-boot heal!
A Shabba, the world thrill!
And Johnny Gill
All girls!
X-tra Naked!
Strip me, strip me
Take it off

Wanna see me naked, then you gotta say, "Take it off!"
If a strip a strip, you know you gotta say, "Take it off!"
Getting x-rated, now you gotta say, "Take it off!"
Shabba inna di place so just holler out, "Take it off!"

Sensuous emotion, they're gettin' my attention (Because I'm getting)
Staring up easy to find the right position (The world is staring!)
Don't rush, don't hurry now (Girls getting horny!)
Take your time girl, get it right (Girls needing on it)
And no need to accelerate (I'm telling you)
Cuz we can kill the feeling

Keep it slow... (Slow)
And sexy (On a backway peep)
Instant aphrodisiac for the lover man
Keep it slow...
And sexy (Anuh drop soap ting)
See Shabba Ranks LiveGet tickets as low as $95You might also like
Tell them say!
Man and woman no have the same luck
God create the woman dem fi get plenty - (oooh!)
Food, clothes, and lots of luxury
Woman bring the fruit and society
Food, clothes, and plenty luxury
Can't make love on dem hungry belly
Give it up! give it up! the everlasting cup
From afar, man a say, "you fat 'til you buff"

Girls, them like it when I hold them tight (Big dutty stinkin' Shabba!)
Makin' love all through the night (12 inches or more!)
Take the time and do it right
Cuz we can kill the feeling

Keep it slow and sexy (Non-stop babes)
Instant aphrodisiac for the lover man (Yeahhhh, no playing...)
Keep it slow and sexy (And you know what...cock it up!)
Too much movement might hurt the back (Ahhhh)
For the lover man, Shabba...

Sex is sex, sex is a realty
Teach it in university and college
Let it be safe, Let it be protected
If it be protected, the longer you live
Shabba and Johnny Gill, musically active
If it's music, our backitive
Young, black, and talented
To all the girls, we'll be abusive
Young, black, and talented
Shabba and Johnny is superlative
Want to see me naked, then you gotta say, "Take it off!"
Get myself x-rated, then you gotta say, "Take it off!"
(Slow!)
Get myself naked, now you gotta say, "Take it off!"
Music x-rated, now you gotta say, "Take it off!"
Scream girls! (Ahhhh) and then you say....
Shabba inna di place and now you gotta say, "Take it off!"

So much passion!
There's more where that came from
Great romancing
Can never be overdone
Girls, they like it when I hold them tight
Making love all through the night
Take the time and do it right
Cuz we can kill the feeling

Keep it slow...
And sexy (Sexy)
Girl, go nice and slow, yeah
Taking it nice and slow
Keep it slow and sexy
'Cause, you know what...
A man see the wuk, and a man a bogus
A man a bogus, then fi him bed buss
Make a man sign a contract first
Woman, them have mind to give up
Man, them have the mind to lust
Body look ready, man tempted fi touch
Some nuh have no money, them pocket, it broke
Whisper in your ear and say such and such, girl!

Girls!
Want to see me naked, then you gotta say, "Take it off!"
Johnny x-rated, now you gotta say, "Take it off!"
Album, "X-tra Naked", now you gotta say, "Take it off!"
Scream girls! and then you say....
Shabba inna di place and now you gotta say, "Take it off!"

Anytime me take it off, anuh laugh me a laugh
Any woman get it, surely shall talk
Japanese get it, the more them want