Yo
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo

Bet I make you a believer
Fever what you catch when you see her
Cheater, that be you, check your beeper, 9-1-1
Never Eve stressin' for your lovin', I don't want none
Peep her, two-seater
Look at you, nigga, actin' like you need her
You run blocks with your Henny on the rocks
You don't think I see you wildin'? Thirsty nigga want the cock, uh
Let you live for a minute 'fore I slide off
Get you mad, holla, "No, Smokey," ride off
Stressin' me, you ain't blessin' me
With your '96 Rollie glistenin', ain't impressin' me, hear me, though?
Want a job, need a resume, ready, though?
'Cause my time is like pressin' me, you got petty dough
And I'm here to let you know my time is priceless
So if you iceless, baby girl gotta go, uh

Ain't got no dough (Uh)
Broke-ass niggas ain't got cash flow (Uh)
Y'all know y'all can't buy shit (Uh)
See me in the club, tryna impress this, huh?
Ain't got no dough (Uh)
Broke-ass niggas ain't got cash flow (Uh)
Y'all know y'all can't buy shit (Uh)
See me in the club, tryna impress this, huh?
You might also like
You can say I'm blessed, I know
Niggas, like 'em flashy, drive an F-5-oh, mmm
Jets, I go OT, I blow H-Y-dro
Keep 'em leanin' in the club
Hoochies screamin', y'all don't know?
Hear me, bitches? Follow me
Daddy lickin' out your tongue, wanna swallow me
Wanna pile on me
Never put no smile on me
Better stop that
Wanna see me beggin' for your chips, bet I doubt that
What you lookin' at, huh?
Still speakin' to me, think you pushin' it, huh?
Know you pussy cat, run
'Cause this bitch is gonna bite
I don't light the fire
Grab it, choke it, hold it down
Ride it, Ruff Ryde'
I can give you what you need or give you what you like
But the pay is kind of low, so this pussy pawn stride
Wishin' you could touch me, lust me
Listen up, daddy, you ain't ready for the bed trauma, give it up

Ain't got no dough (Uh)
Broke-ass niggas ain't got cash flow (Uh)
Y'all know y'all can't buy shit (Uh)
See me in the club, tryna impress this, huh?
Ain't got no dough (Uh)
Broke-ass niggas ain't got cash flow (Uh)
Y'all know y'all can't buy shit (Uh)
See me in the club, tryna impress this, huh?
Swizz got beats locked
Every time I drop, shit hot, think not?
And it don't stop
This bitch top-notch and y'all keep watching
Play the back, baby, while your team keep flockin'
Tryna touch my ass
You ain't got the strength to mount this stallion, I pass
Wildin' out, I dash
To the type of thug that's 'bout they business
Pilin' out that cash
Long line of credit 'cause I like my thug to last
See, they like it when I talk back
Dough stack, cutbacks, we don't want that
Frontin', but you flaunt that
Somethin', what you want, black?
Cheap stack, keep that
Fake money nigga, fake thug, we don't need that
What's that all about?
I can see you from a mile runnin' at the mouth
Lies poppin' out
Claimin' you's a hustlin' type of nigga, cut it out
You's an average type of cat, no money, no clout

When Missy flow, I give y'all fevers, yo
If your bitch is ugly, you don't need her
Feed her to a wild pack of cheetahs
Yo, I let y'all bitches see I'm off the meter, hee-hah
Me and Eve give y'all seizures
Know I put your niggas down on they knees, huh? Eat up
Then we treat y'all like skeezers
Yo, let me, let me take a quick breather
Yo, do y'all smell them trees, huh?
Oh, do y'all hear them bangin' Swizz Beats, huh?
Oh, do you feel the wrath of Missy, huh?
Well, then you wanna roll with me, huh? Me, huh?
Uh, one, two (One, two)
Misdemeanor (Misdemeanor)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Uh (Ruff Ryders)
Motherfucker, now what? (Motherfucker, now what?)