*Answer machine beeps*
Yo, Eve, this is Steve (Hahaha)
Yeah, we telling, you know when they boss you 'round the club
So we can do something together
Yeah, give me a call when you get the message
Rasta
Now this one is elementary
We going to end it for the century
Ruff Ryder evolution presentary
Rag-a-muffin play-mentry
Yo (Uh, come on, yo)
Run that

No, no, no (Bambaclat)
You don't love me and I know now (Come on, what?)
No, no, no
You don't love me, yes, I know now
'Cause you left me, baby (Uh, uh, uh, yeah)
And I've got no place to go now
No, no, no (Yo, ayo, ayo)
I'll do anything you say, boy (Really?)
No, no, no (Yo, ayo, ayo)
I'll do anything you say, boy
'Cause if you ask me, baby (Baby)
I'll get on my knees and pray, boy
Uh-huh uh, uh-huh, yo (Yo)
Uh-huh (Yo), yo (Yo), yo (Yo)
You might also like
You say that you love me, but how could you lie?
You say that you love me, now why would you lie? (Uh-huh)
How could you take my heart and leave me lonely?
I don't know why
You say that you love me, now why would you lie?
You say that you love me, but how could you lie?
How could you take my heart and leave me lonely?
I don't know why

No, no, no
You don't love me and I know now (Uh-huh, come on)
No, no, no
You don't love me, yes, I know now

Yo, yo, ayo
Walk Hennessya, brown skin
Pretty fit, keep comin' at you like Bumba COA
Slim nicey 'round thing, momma say what a disgrace
Who the number one killer but lover is a bounty chase?
Never my fault, then who is it, nigga?
Most 'dem love my style even 'dem say she rude
Me a lie, me not lie, the truth speak to G
What you think them lovers give a jack 'bout me?
Ruff Ryder, Ryde or Die, jack 'bout we
Ruff Ryder Ryde or Die chat 'bout we
Yo, maximum respect to my girl I love the best
But when you left me, it's like a bullet to my chest
Now I'm not the same, I got a bulletproof vest
Knocked off my feet, I pleaded no contest
Sleepless nights without no sleep nor rest
This is ragamuffin junior, down come me next
Take it no more, I had to make her confess
Sometimes I feel I'm in the wild, wild west
Lost the love I had now I live to the death

Long as that woman tellin' me lyin', I get me lungs for me line
Oh, I'm sincerely yours if you're sincerely mine
But listening to promises, what a fool am I?
Can somebody tell me? You know I love his line
I'm just trying to be friendly, but I'm losin' my mind
Mi notice that you're movin' physically and kind
And I miss the rubber ducky, late nights, no wine (No wine)
Miss lovely vessel, the body all mine (All mine)
The wine does its best to shoot me with the shoot all mind
So sweet like a puppy, is so hard to find
And I know you don't love me, I'm reading the signs
'Cause there's nowhere to go now that you've left me behind
(Now it's true, true) Yo, I loved you for truth
(True, true) It stick like ankle glue
(True, true) I make your gray skies blue
(True, true) You want me personal, boo
Chillin' up on the house, see our tunes are playin' strong
DJ's got to plays on the one's and two's
No, no, no
You don't love me and I know now (I love you, bang, bang)
No, no, no