It's about that time, y'all
Ruff Ryders, you know
Teflon, Eve, woo
Yo, yo, yo
They wanna know

Who's that girl? (Uh, yo, yo, c'mon, c'mon)
Eve's that girl (Uh, yo, yo, yo, uh, c'mon, c'mon)
Who's that girl? (Uh, what's my name, yo? Yo, uh, what's my name, yo?)
Eve's that girl (Uh, uh, c'mon, c'mon, yo, yo)

Can I turn you on by my word spell?
Look into my eyes, think I want you, can't tell
Me, I keep it sexy, daddy, so I can't fail
Keep it gangster for the cowards, so I give 'em hell
Call me misfit, lips spit a gang of trash
Wrist glist' now 'cause I made a gang of cash
Light glam, still street with the durag
Slang, spit game, change speech, how they do that? Huh
Watch they mouths drop, watch the crowds pop up and act out
Broads with the screw face, smash on and knock out
Ain't changed, game don't run me, I run the game
If I gotta keep it gritty, so be it, I'm supposed to change?
Like simple, dizzy broads ain't fuckin' with my mental
Natural born hustlin' bitch, check what I been through
Got mine, took it from you, and now you slot mine
Exec to my own shit, dawg, I'm ownin' dot-coms
You might also like
Who's that girl? (C'mon, c'mon)
Eve's that girl (Uh, yo, yo, yo)
Who's that girl? (Huh? Uh, uh)
Eve's that girl (Yo, yo)

I can understand why they're scared of Eve
Thought I did it one way, ain't prepared for me, huh
Mad 'cause an image I don't care to be
Realness, real shit, spit reality
Attitude rude, that's the Philly in I
Need me in the game, I'm the thrill in your life, breath of fresh air
Little boys hang me on they wall, I grow 'em chest hair
Why you listenin' to other shit? You got the best here
Come on, try your luck, shorty, I got the rest scared
Bet you anything you ain't ready and you get left there
Ain't known for frontin', vouch for my behavior
Same way they get down, I get down for this paper
Sixteen mean from my pen, so you can test her
Still need to know who I am, then cop the record
Take it like a class on me and learn the lesson
Bottom line, my world, my way, any questions?

Who's that girl? (Uh, c'mon, c'mon)
Eve's that girl (Uh, yo, yo, yo)
Who's that girl? (Uh, say my name, y'all)
Eve's that girl (Yo)
Power moves is made every day by this thorough bitch
I'ma get this bank any way that I do this shit
I was born to shine, and most of y'all's borderline bullshit
Know exactly what I want for me, you cats is clueless, though
'Spose the flow through my hands like water
Keep stocks growin' for my son or my daughter
Eve want her own cash, fuck what you bought her
He spend, you owe, that's what mommy taught her
So hardball is played, won't starve today
Song after song I write, so I get paid
Thought I wasn't followin' up with the second round
Now, bitch, swallow it up while I shove it down
Make 'em love me over again and over your name
Bet you they get over your style and over your fame
Why you lookin' sad at me? I ain't to blame
Back to plan B, baby, I can feel your pain

Who's that girl? (E-V-E, y'all, uh, uh, now say my name, y'all)
Eve's that girl (C'mon, uh, uh, uh, c'mon, c'mon)
Who's that girl? (Uh, E-V-E, y'all, c'mon, now say my name, y'all)
Eve's that girl (Uh, uh, uh, uh)
Who's that girl? (La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la)
Eve's that girl (La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la)
Who's that girl? (La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la)
Eve's that girl (La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la)
(La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la)
(La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la)