Could you come over tonight?
(Laughs) Yeah, we could do that too
There's a few things I'd like to discuss with you about this relationship
You know it's been going on for so long and the feeling's getting so strong
Well, we can talk about it tonight
I love you too
We've been going out for a while now, baby
We had some good times and some hard times too
But now I've reached that point in my life
Where I need more of a commitment from you
You've had me on hold for so very long
Make up your mind, baby
Don't keep me hanging on
If you're not sure that you want me
Let me go
Come on and do right by me, baby
And if you're not sure that you need me
Let me go.  Oh
Oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh
Mmmm.  Oh
Now I know when a woman gets in her 20's
She starts to feel like she's running out of time
Nine times out of ten
She's correct if she assumes, yeah
That marriage is the last thing on a man's mind
But now the table's turned, the shoe is on the other foot
I know what I want, but still you wanna look
You might also likeIf you're not sure that you want me
Let me go
Don't keep me hanging on now, baby
And if you're not sure that you need me
Let me go
Set me free and find somebody else, baby
Mmmm, mmmm, mmmm, hmmm
All I ask is that you love me, baby
Love me.  Mmmm.  You see
I'm not the kind of man you can just keep around for your pleasure
You gotta really want for us to be together, yeah
It isn't fair to keep me hanging on for another year or two
So make up your mind right now and decide what you wanna do
Ow!  (If you're not sure that you want me,)
If you don't want me, baby, let me go
I need to talk to you, honey
You see, for some reason
(If you're not sure that you're need me,)
I kinda feel like you're running around all over the place
(Let me go.) But still you're holding on to me just in case
(If you're not sure that you want me,)
I've tried everything I could to get you to stay
(Let me go.) I don't know what else to do, baby
I'm so still in love with you
(If you're not sure that you need me,) But I can't help it, baby
No, no, no
(Let me go.) Mmmm
You know your stuff's so good, I want my name on it
(If you're not sure that you want me,) I love you, baby, love you
(Let me go.) Mmmm, mmmm, mmmm, mmmm