Whatever happened to (Yeah)
The boy that I once knew? (It's ya boy Capone)
The boy who said he'd be true (Young slime from QB, let's go)
Shoot me (Oh no), kill me (Oh no)
Have me locked (Oh no, no, no, no, no), uh
Wet me (Oh no), disrespect me (Oh no), uh
(Oh no, no, no, no, no) Yeah, check it, yeah

I told the judge, "I ain't comin' back
Catch me if the cops could"
I got a chopper sittin' under my drop hood
You never catch me slippin'
I'll never get rocked by a chicken
I know you lame niggas know my position
I came from the same ghetto you live in
With no pot to piss in
So believe me, I'm no damn different
Listen, understand I'm a man with a vision (I got a vision, baby!)
You could kill me and bury me after I'm done spittin'
Now, who could do it like I do it?
Rap it just like I rap it?
Keep an army in the ratchet right under my army jacket
How dare you detest me? How dare you neglect me?
I'm the street in the purest form, niggas respect me
Wet me, I'm coming back twice, I'm that nice
Rap life is for the shaking 'em, shakin' this shit down
For a verse with Capone, you takin' a brick now
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
You might also like
Now, who can move like I move?
Who could go where I go?
Who could take one and turn it to four?
For really though
I put blood, sweat, and tears, for these past seven years, it was pain
Now I'm tryna see glory in the game

Bitch, I'm gon' get caught in the middle of the crossfire
With no hammer tucked in my waist to cross fire
They say I'm too thorough for my damn self, wet 'em, gun power (Too thorough, baby, crazy)
I hate fake niggas with flour
Devour every nigga with power, headed with lead showers
Homie, you can't be me, can't see me, can't touch me (Nope)
Talk greasy, but walk geezy, you damn lucky
It gets ugly, gun smoke leavin' the sky above me
Now, who can shoot it like I shoot it, persistent with headshots?
Take a neighborhood to war with a .4 and a red dot
I'm not with the Wessons, I'm hot with the Smithens
Listen, you playin' with death? Get in my direction
Question, how could you not love me?
How could you not trust me?
You just plant faith in pussies, push me, this shit disgusting
To get me out the game, you cowards got to buck me
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Now, who can move like I move?
Who could go where I go?
Who could take one and turn it to four?
For really though
I put blood, sweat, and tears, for these past seven years, it was pain
Now I'm tryna see glory in the game

Oh no, oh no
Oh no, no, no, no, no (This my year, baby)
Oh no, oh no (New York City, the rebels)
Oh no, no, no, no, no (America, spent five years, man)
Oh no, oh no (Three in the penitentary)
Oh no, no, no, no, no (Never stop, I can't stop, nigga)

Now, who could do it like I do it? (Whatever happened to)
Rap it just like I rap it? (The boy that I once knew?)
Keep an army and the ratchet right under my army jacket
How dare you detest me? How dare you neglect me? (The boy who said he'd be true)