Please give me a nice round of applause for ny nephew Li'l Hawk YG
Bring your ass out here Blood
Pull your pants up nigga
Comin' right back at you, Blood it's me
It's that Crab killin' nigga from the C.M.G.B
D.L. when I bail up this biggety biggety block
With my hand on my Glock
Ready to pop and watch these fools drop
I'm Li'l Hawk
From the Crenshaw-motherf*ckin'-Mafia
Swoopin' and woopin' candy apple Coupe and
Hair full of ?P.T.?, Black Pumas, red stripes
Black bhakis, red flag, takin' off on the mic
I'm not Snoop
But I'm quick to diggety dog your ass
With my strap, ready to blast, nigga f*ck all Crabs
And um... I don't give a f*ck you know
And 1-0-4 be the street where it's at for sure
So many niggas representin' the B and
When the funk gets jumpin' all the Crabs get to runnin'
But it ain't no hide when I'm C.K. Ridin'
Slippin' and Slidin' and we all West Side
To the tick and the tock and the tock to the tick
On the B you Crab niggas can't f*ck with this (yeah!)
Hold up, stay off the nuts
Crenshaw Mafia niggas don't give a f*ck
Ooooweee, who could it be?
It's that nigga Li'l Hawk Y-motherf*ckin'-Geee
Now come take a ride with a nigga like me
On the other side of town where the Bloods put it down
Steppin' right every night, Inglewood is where it's at
With my dog S.P., B-Braze and Li'l Yak
Mad Eye with the sack, cup of yack, that's my G
Homie from the hood and he rollin' with me
Till the wheels fall off YG Li'l Hawk
As I bails up the block with this limp in my walk
But since I talk that talk that be so way out
I'm about to blow a motherf*ckin' Crab's brain out
Lay him out in the street, a dead Crab can't snitch
And that's what you get, you went out like a bitch
Should've been a B-Dog, it was all to the good (WOOP! WOOP!)
But now I got to kill you 'cause you from the wrong hood
This is Bloods bitch, you better recognise
You will get f*cked up slippin' on the West Side (best side)
104 C.M.G. it don't quit
I'm Li'l Hawkster from the Mafia, you can't f*ck with this (WOOP! WOOP!)
Hold up, stay off the nuts
Crenshaw Mafia niggas don't give a f*ck
Ooooweee, who could it be?
It's that nigga Li'l Hawk Y-motherf*ckin'-Geee
True Flue Killa!
How the f*ck you figure
You f*cked around and got the wrong nigga
Come to take my motherf*ckin' hood for a joke you'll get smoked out
?Pino? ass biatch ain't shit to let you know
And your shady-ass ?hole? motherf*cker to the roaster
You know you can't f*ck with this Bloodclot Boy
Handles my business
Let my gat ?? and jerk
YG Li'l Hawk puttin' in the most work
Ahhoowww Yaba-Daba-Doo
Young G in this game nigga fool I ain't new to, don't
Trip, don't slip, don't enter the Mafias
The homies from the hood will break you off somethin' proper
I'mma roll with my niggas, I'mma ride with my niggas and
If I got to I'mma die with my niggas gettin'
High with my niggas, it's just another day
In the Crenshaw Mafia Gang C-motherf*cking-K
I can't stop, I won't stop, I refuse to quit
And you motherf*ckers know you can't f*ck with this, biiatch!
Hold up, stay off the nuts
Crenshaw Mafia niggas don't give a f*ck (yeah, yeah)
Ooooweee, who could it be?
It's that nigga Li'l Hawk Y-motherf*ckin'-Geeeeeeeeee
Ah Goddammit, goddammit..
Turn that shit down now, that's my nephew now
Goddamn turn that shit off goddammit
F*ck that got to pay due
Put on some B.B. King or somethin'..
Damn it true shit
It's Crazy Pops
Y motherf*ckin' G
(that's the homeboy G-Bo...)
You know I'm sayin' from Crenshaw Mafia