Walking through the city after recent rain
Heard ancient stones all shining murmur where are they?
How long before next hero's day
And the splendid show of drum and gun
Walking by the river one September eve
Saw questions rise in circles on that old dark stream
Where now are those who dared to dream
They would leave one jewel in England's hand
Gone to sleep they lie in flowered graves
For the visitors and Guidebook saved
But come the trumpet shattered dawn
Will the spirit they shared be reborn
Comrades in arms, may they rise, fight and shine again
'Til "who goes there", will be answered with friend again
Once there stood a man, alone, sword in his hand
In the face of the teeth and flame
And it was all in England's name
I was told how she grew, she alone shone her light on everyone
And if you made the first eleven then you'd be sure to get to heaven
Like the captain of the school
See Emerson, Lake & Palmer LiveGet tickets as low as $106You might also likeI was taught how to win
And to lose with that "get you next time" smile
Learned Latin verbs in fear of a beating
And for years thought central heating
Was for just old people's homes
I was raised on the past, the Tower
And Saint Paul's and Westminster
Escorted well-bred girls to dances
And learned to drive a horse in harness
Through the English countryside
I was taught to behave, like an officer and a gentleman
And when I finally marched from Sandhurst
I learned to put my fellow man first
And there was daily talk of war
I spent 1938 in the United States of America
I grew to love it's many faces
And they had built some amazing places
And I thought they'd come in on our side

Girls, oh there were girls
But they were just part of the social whirl
And I never took much notice
Until the night that I met you
Standing out there alone
Out on the terrace under the moon
From the moment that I kissed you
My life turned into a dream
I knew I loved you at first sight
And that you loved.. me
Was it really happening, or was it a dream?
I asked if you'd be mine
Feeding the white doves by the Serpentine
And when you said forever
I know that I almost cried
You all in white
The tears and the laughing
Nearly losing the damn ring
Yes, I do... Yes, I will... keep you from harm
Those few short days
We spent together
Remembered forever
All the plans - for the house and for the children
I know I loved you at first sight
And that you loved... me
Did it really happen then, or was it a dream?
I knew when I saw your face
Opening orders, the time and the place
Oh, don't worry it won't last long
And I won't be far away
I'll try to write every day...

Got your letters at the front today
If you like the house we'll buy it straight away
Yes, it's great now you're a full-time nurse
But do be careful with the air-raids getting worse
Must end now... the push is on... we're moving out...
All my love... see you soon
I'm writing to you on a convoy moving west
It's hell out here but we're all trying to do our best
I learned today that I get two weeks leave in June
This time I promise you a real honeymoon
Must end now... take care my love... you're all the world
To me my love... see you soon
The telegram... dropped from my hand
She was all I had... I just don't understand
I see her now... in that white dress she wore
Those eyes and that smile
No one else... nevermore
Decorations and respect inside the club
Aren't compensation when you lose the one you love
But in the end, all that is left
Is the regiment and what it means
To be... an officer and a gentleman...