The dark silhouette of the creature
Poised, crouched on the corner of a cliffs edge
Waits eagerly, eyes glare patiently
Red eyes filled with fire and torment
Gleam in the frenzied brightness
Across the shadowed valleys below
A crack of thunder breaks the deafening silence
Which once ruled the planes, the creature is unmoved
By the commotion and the noise, and the blinding fork
Of lightening which strikes only a few yards from where
It lays it wait for something...
Satan laughs, wings spread to magnificent fullness
The creature stands at full glory, inhaling deeply
The ice cold air each tender muscle rippling in
The almighty stench of the great dimensional deity...
Lucifer smiles, from the far far west a chariot of fire
Emerges travelling at a tremendous speed toward the
Creature. the creature laughs as if in an immense
State of frenzy. The creature leaps up off the ridge
And hollers with dignity in the now cloudless sky
Its long red hair blowing freely in the wind...
You might also likeThe chariot emerges and with a sharp swift movement
The creature takes the reigns and flies up into the
Night, howling out immortal cries, a prediction of war
At war with Satan!

Ahh!
The warriors gather slowly around the sacred city, Hell
Satan screams a vengeance on the land as angels fell
Tyrants pray disaster for the land of love and trust
Demons plot a way to turn the Heavens into dust
Ha, ha, ha...
The standard bearers chosen from the mass of Satan's dogs
To hold the flag of Hades high, defying all the gods
Satan laughs the words of war the Heavens shake with fear
Armageddon sings his song, the battle's ever near
Let the joyous celebrations of Hell begin
Who holds the keys to the seven gates?
Lucifer's demonic laughter
Assist our quest, Belial prays
Free from Hell who serves the master
Sound the charge on Sabbath's day
Charge!
Crest the demon's souls
Show yourselves in power
Angels fear resist
Nothing holds the storm
Inform the grand master of Hades
Storm the gates!
Free from the pits of Hell
Slaves emerge the mountain
We shall destroy the accursed Heavens
Advance great legions strong
Crush the gates and enter free
Our lord of Hell must take God's throne
Heavenly inferno
Spread the message far...
Take to the skies!
Come on...
Frenzied demons - Angel's cries
Lucifer commands the orgy
Molten mayhem, one thousand lies
Heaven fails to hold tranquility
The brides of sin are wed
Their price, nine holy heads
White, white, white marble walls bleed red
Fuck the Bastards!
Come on...
God's cremation -- all must see
Heavens Hell
God has fell
Sound the knell
Where time and space collide
Mortals sit and watch the tide
Of Angels crashing up against the sacred shores
Without the holy grail
Only evil can prevail
The church of God can't hide the truth no more
Can't see the light no more
Light up the skies...
The Demons ring the Sabbath bells
Rejoice the witches chant
Prepare for sacrifice by fire
The blood runs black through heavens shell
Declare the witches dance
Nothing shall suffice
The souls of Christ
Drag him through the whores!
Come on...
Come on...
Orgies filled with joyous laughter
Altars of the flesh
Equinox eternal glory
El descends in death
Satan's empire
A newborn flaming star
Children screaming out in pain
Destroy the priests
Destroy their reign now
Tyrants pledge the souls of legion
Sullen and remorse
Tana turns the key of life
To hear the thunder roar
Ancients gather amidst the stars
Mortals stare in fear
The Earth is damned beneath the mist
A veil of angels tears
White clouds of life are turning black
The virgin pure, she fears attack
Come on!
Take her again!
Children of pleasure move
Appear amongst us
The dark Lord has opened his jaws
Raise for Satanic queen
Ye sons and daughters
Take heed the flame forever learn
Now is come salvation
Strength and the kingdom of our
Satanic majesty
You'll always learn!
Are you damned in Hell?
Damned in Hell
Lilith holds the black heart in her hands
The blood flows
Desecration of God's holy shrine
Armageddon
Ha ha ha ha ha
Pandemonium burns in the night
With the Hell spawn
Celebrations and Sabbats and more
Unite with the whore
Take that bitch
We shall not be destroyed...
Satan laughs, damnation has sunk its talons deep
Into the womb of utopia spilling forth great streams
Of virginal purity and bliss
The golden throne of tetragrammaton is ablaze
Satanic majesty sits proud, the joyous drones of celebration
Enact scenes of blasphemy, lust and destruction
Raping the holy trinity the Sabbath chimes the tunes of bless
And sanity, the Heavens in their last throes of death
Gabriel and his arc angels falling ever downwards through the
Fires of pandemonium to the dark deserted depths of Hell
Their broken bloodstained wings scorched the by raging inferno
Lie battered by the shores of Styx
Weary from the battle they seek refuge, bathing their wounds
In the blood of a million martyrs
While celebration of the rape of the heavens grows strong
The keys to the seven gates of Hell lie momentarily unguarded
Raging flames carved by the innocence of the angel's hearts
Will release forth their wealth of centuries of God-lost
Souls once robbed of their destiny in Heaven's golden palace
An unseen presence breathes a never-before-felt pangs of mortal hatred
And anger deep into the pounding hearts of the angels
Once more the creature is summoned to deliver a declaration of
War
At war with Satan!
The angels gather slowly around
The sacred city Hell
Gabriel screams a vengeance of the
Land as angels fell
Martyrs pray disaster for the
Land of hate and scorn
Priests deny the day the Antichrist