What the fuck's up, Dre?

You tell me, you talk to Ren

I'm right here nigga
Release the hound

Bow wow wow

I'm a nigga wit an attitude thanks to y'all
And I don't give a fuck I keep it gangsta y'all
I'mma ride for my side in the C.P.T

{'Gangsta Gangsta' samples}
Ice Cube: Yo, what the fuck are they yellin'?
Dr. Dre: Wait a minute, wait a minute, cut this shit!
Eazy-E: Let me tell you motherfuckers who you're fuckin' with
{Hip Hop Drunkies sample}
Tash: What's your name?
You might also like{'Straight Outta Compton' samples}
Crazy motherfucker named Ice Cube
From the gang called Niggas Wit Attitudes
That I'm down with the (Green Lantern)
Boy, you can't fuck with me

If it wasn't for me where the fuck you'd be
Rapping like the Treacherous Three, fucking cowards
I'd have seen Dre rocking parties for hours
And I'd have seen Ren fucking bitches from Howard
And I'd have seen Snoop give away Eddie Bauer's
So fuck Jerry Heller and the white superpowers

This the shit niggas kill for
They hear the villain niggas spitting with them nigga flows
Fuck you hoes, fuck you bitch-ass niggas too

{'Straight Outta Compton' sample}
Eazy-E: Yo, Ren!
Mc Ren: What's up?
Eazy-E: Tell 'em where you from!
Mc Ren: Straight outta Compton! (City of Compton, City of Compton)
Who them niggas that you love to get
Who them niggas that you fuckin' with
Love to yell that we the shit
The saga continues with the world's most dangerous group
Four deep in the Coupe

I'mma smoke where I wanna smoke, fuck that
I'mma choke who I wanna choke, fuck that
I'mma ride where I wanna ride, fuck that
Cause I'mma nigga for life, so I'mma nigga til I diz-ie
I'mma smoke where I wanna smoke, fuck that
I'mma choke who I wanna choke, fuck that
I'mma ride where I wanna ride, fuck that
Cause I'mma nigga for life, so I'mma nigga til I diz-ie

A pencil, a pen, or a Glock
I'm the original, subliminal, subterranean
Titanium, criminal minded, swift
D-R-E with that (Green Lantern)

{Vocals sampled from 'Still D.R.E.', beat from 'What's The Difference')
It's the D.R.E
It ain't nothin' but more hot shit
{Beat changes to 'The Next Episode'}
You hear the bass from the truck when I'm on the block

A pencil, a pen, or a Glock
I'm the original, subliminal, subterranean
Titanium, criminal minded, swift
D-R-E with that fuck a bitch shit
A couple of notes and get you hog-tied in rope
Dope like tons of coke, cut-throat
You don't want the pistols to whistle
Candy paint Impala
I make hoes pop collars

God damn hoes, here we go again
Fucking with Ren, playing to win
{scratches starts}
God damn hoes, here we go again
God damn hoes

{'Jigga My Nigga' sample}
It's just us and the guns!
{Vocals and beat from 'The Next Episode'}
Snoop Dogg: La-da-da-da-dah It's the motherfuckin' D-O-double-G
Kurupt: Snoop Dogg!
{Sample from 'Bitch Please'}
Back up in the heezy, baby
You so crazy

He got the Coke and Hen - I got the juice and gin
Same shit you was fucking with way back then
We keep it cracking from the acting to the jacking
G'ed up C'ed up motherfucker blaze the weed up
We all on deck fool so put your heat up
I stay on deck so me don't get wet

Look my nigga, we can scatter like buckshots
Let's get together, make a record, why the fuck not

Why the fuck not

Why the fuck not

Why the fuck not

Cause I'm tight as the night
I had to wipe activator off the mic, in 1985