Let me tell you about a brother who's got my back
Cold chilling at a party when the party is packed
'Cause the party is packed and he gets fresher
He cuts the best when he's under pressure
I'm talkin' about the brother called AJ Scratch
There's not a beat that he can't catch!
He's so def he doesn't rehearse
And if you wanna see me, then he comes first
There's another DJ from Hollis, Queens
He's a disco dream on the mean machine
And I knew him ever since '78
And to the sucker DJs, I wanna set you straight
And now we're chill and we're ready to rock
Now from the bottom to the top, we'll rock non-stop
So, bust a move in rap history
When AJ Scratch meets Davy D!
Hit it!

(Davy!)
Hypnotizing, memorizing, all the times, a private scratcher!
(Davy!)
You know, I know, you know there's no one faster!
(Davy!)
Cuts the beat 'cause he got my back
(Davy D)
'Cause he could never be wack!
You might also like
Two DJs are better than one
Now who's the crew that gets the job done?
One's from Hollis and one's from the Bronx
Freaky fresh to give you what you want
Faster than fast, fresher than fresher
One, two, three, could never be a lesser
On the top of the charts, is where we belong
So bring me your crew, 'cause your rim moves strong
Two DJs and one MC
And he's AJ Scratch and he's Davy D
Causing much damage and causing much pain
Tell a sucker DJ that we'll rock your brain
Destined to rock the quick mix
And to show you all it's not a bag of tricks
The hand, is quicker than the eye
So c'mon Davy D and give the quick mix a try!
Hit it!

(Davy!)
Hypnotizing, memorizing, all the times, a private scratcher!
(Davy!)
You know, I know, you know there's no one faster!
(Davy!)
Cuts the beat 'cause he got my back
(Davy D)
He could never be wack!
Going hard in the place to be
It's the number one choice for a fresh MC
And I'll rock the house without a doubt
That's all I'll be about
And when they open door, and then you come inside
You can bust my rap on my T-O-5
'Cause I'm a high-powered rapper, and sportin' Lees
To the sucker MC, I'll do the big cheese
Now all you DJs across the land
If you think you're bad, you better go join a band
'Cause ain't nobody faster than the man their hands
The handsome Davy D, from here to Japan
So if you ever want to battle sucker, step right up
'Cause Davy D is funky fresh with a cut
I know he's faster than any Grandmaster