Shabba! Him deh yah (Yeah, first)
S and a H and a A, double-B and a A, R-A-N-K-S
Always the best (A$AP Mob, fly the flag)
A$AP Mob (Always), do the job, fly the flag (Yeah, fly the flag)
Lawd ah mercy (Lawd ah mercy), people

Say my name a likkle louder (Yah)
Holla out mi name mek I rip up the crowd ah
Say it 3 times if a me unu proud ah
Shabba! Shabba! Shabba!
Oh man, say it a likkle likkle louder (Yeah)
Holla out mi name mek I rip up the crowd ah
Say it 3 times if a me unu proud ah
Shabba! Sha-Shabba! Shabba!
Hey, holla out mi name, jump to mi name (Shabba, Shabba, Shabba)
Call out mi name, bawl out mi name (Shabba, Shabba)
Nah stop until it reach hall of fame (Shabba)
Seh yuh body waan Shabba know de same (Work)
People, holla out mi name, jump to mi name (Shabba, Shabba, Shabba)
Call out mi name, bawl out mi name
Nah stop until it reach hall of fame
Anytime mi spit, mi spit flame
Ah me dem in need of, true crowd pleaser
Turn non-believer, inna believer
Come crowd a people follow di procedure
Mi no Rakim but "Follow The Leader"
Head ah go jump off ah fool dem shoulder
Chop off dem head with mi cleaver (Sha)
From Jamaica right back to Geneva (Geneva)
Shabba Ranking ah true crowd pleaser
You might also like
Sha-Shabba Ranks (Act work), Sha-Sha-Shabba Ranks (A$AP Mob)
Eight gold rings like I'm Sha-Shabba Ranks (Shabba!)
Four gold chains like I'm Sha-Shabba Ranks (Yeah)
One gold tooth like I'm... (Juh, juh, juh, ah!)

Who that stocky nigga with the grills? Trap Lord you're so trill
I could get a new Bugatti but a nigga rather chill
Rather sit up on the block and stack it 'til I get a mill'
What about them old bitches who ain't wanna give me feel?
Now they want a make it Gucci cause a nigga got a deal
Rather double up and strap and hit a booty in Brazil
I hit Punta Cana when shit gets so real (Juh, juh, juh) (Alright!)
Two bad bitches in my vehicle
Yellow hood rats like Pikachu (Yeah)
Hit it from the back got 'em screaming like "ahh!" like Yeezus do (Alright!)
Bringing rappers from the dead like Jesus do
Can't call them bone thugs cause they eating dude (Yeah)
I bust-a-rhyme and flip-mode, speak the flu
Nigga Ya Ya Ya, eat ya crew
Butter pecan, Puerto Rican, be freakin' the deacon'
A hood pope get good throat, I'm skeetin' the sheets
She feelin' my team, I asked her if she feelin' The Weeknd
Cause a nigga like she give head while you're singin' (Hmm)
I'ma get the bread while I'm breathin'
I'm the rookie of the year and you better believe it (Yeah)
I be barkin' like a Que like I'm very collegiate! (Juh, juh, juh!)
Like I'm Pedigree eatin'
Meetin' up the plug at a QuikTrip (QuikTrip)
Young nigga had to make that money back flip (Prr)
I'm trappin' with accuracy (Accuracy)
Gold on my toilet like Master P (Shine)
Lil' mama, she drunk off a daiquiri (Ah)
Shabba Ranks, my pinky finger, please (Shabba!)
You mad cause you workin' at Mickey D's (Jah!)
Young nigga, I'm flexin' like Hercules (Flex, flex!)
You can take her to the movie and go watch a film (Watch a film)
A$AP Ferg, front me a pelican
Lean, lean, lean, that's my medicine
Quavo, old money, Sega Genesis

Takeoff got ten gold rings, bling, bling, bling (Bling)
For tryna take my rings, gun go bang (Pwf)
Cashed out on the jeweler, ching
Got 'em feelin' like Martin Luther King, I had a dream (Had a dream)
Actavis, I only sip
And begin with a beam by extending my clip (Graow)
If I see the police, grab my chips and I dip (12)
Snapping my fingers, we fillin' arenas (Shabba)
I flip up the Hannah Montana in real (Rawf)
I feel like that Keyshia Ka'oir
That double AK-47's, they aim at your lip
Versace, Givenchy, this shit is ridiculous
Shabba!
Look, nigga, get it straight, you could never fuck with my clique, boy
Aww shit, quick, hit you with the dropkick jaw (Ah!)
Bone break, you can see the way the clock tick, tock, tick
Funny all these niggas stop, bitch boy (Ah)
Bust' Rhymes back up in the cockpit, spit toxic, always givin' niggas hot shit, boy (Juh)
Niggas see me shinin' 'til he's sick, sick, sick
Any bitch really want Islam dick, boy
So much jewelry, nigga lookin' priceless out here
A lot of rappin' niggas lookin' lifeless out here
Kill 'em 'til they say a nigga triflin' out here
And you can let 'em talk, you know who the nicest out here
Vroom, vroom, vroom! Bite dust pussy
Better get low when you hear de shot buss, pussy
Every time I come here, know I body niggas fully (Huh)
Godfather with it while I murder little rookie
And I'm bigger than your shorty though her pussy kinda bushy (Oh, oh!)
Fuckin' on the low, Versace logo on the hoodie (Yes)
Airhorn blow, my nigga, bwam bwam bwam
Let it go, you already know what's really goodie (Goodie, goodie)
Killin' shit like I'm some kind of cancer
Bag your bitch, now she my private dancer
I don't understand why niggas feel like they have to ask who the god is
When you know what's the answer
Chokehold shit 'til they be callin' me strangler (Yeah)
Hundred million dollars, safe behind the plasma (Okey, okey, okey)
Proper with it, 'til he spread the propaganda
And when I TEC talk, can we pop your man up
On my Sha-Shabba Ranks (Oh!), on my Sha-Shabba Ranks, nigga
Gettin' so much money, it's like I just robbed a bank, nigga

Sha-Shabba Ranks, Sha-Sha-Shabba Ranks (Ah)
Eight gold rings like I'm Sha-Shabba Ranks (Yeh)
Four gold chains like I'm Sha-Shabba Ranks (Ah)
One gold tooth like I'm Sha-Shabba Ranks (Juh-juh)
Sha-Shabba Ranks, Sha-Sha-Shabba Ranks (Damn, damn!)
Eight gold rings like I'm Sha-Shabba Ranks
Two bad bitches like I'm Sha-Shabba Ranks
One gold tooth like I'm Sha-Shabba Ranks

(Shabba Ranks, Shabba Ranks, Shabba Ranks)
Shabba Ranks
(Shabba Ranks, Shabba Ranks, Shabba Ranks)
Sha-Shabba Ranks
(Shabba Ranks, Shabba Ranks, Shabba Ranks)
Shabba Ranks
(Shabba Ranks, Shabba Ranks, Shabba Ranks) (Damn, damn!)