Good morning! Ha-ha!
Wake your motherfucking asses up!
Are y'all with us or what?
Well, come on then, you know what time it is
Stop sleeping on my group, bitch!

For whatever it's worth it's worth me havin' my ass whipped
'Cause I'ma have the last lips to ever kiss ass with
I just can't get past these little piss ants
That wanna be brawny bad asses so bad
And they so mad, they can't stand it
'Cause we can and they can't spit
And they can't handle it like a man
And that's when it just happens
And I snap, and it's a wrap, and it's scrap, and then it isn't rap, is it?
Hip-Hop isn't a sport anymore when you gotta go and resort back into that shit
Maybe I'm old-fashioned, but my passion is to smash anyone rappin' without havin' to slap him
Believe me, I'd much rather lift a pencil than a pistol when I'm pissed now
But it all depends on just how far it gets took on the mic
'Cause I'm tellin' you right now, you're not gonna like it
'Cause if I get pushed over the edge then I'm pullin' you with me
You poke a stick at a pit bull, you get bit, B
These words stick to you like Krazy Glue when you diss me
'Cause they just bounce off me, like bullets to 50
I'm the beautiful-lest thing and you gonna miss me when I'm gone
Like Keith Murray when he threw a stool and hit a girl accidentally
I do this for Swifty, Kon and Kuniva, Bizzy and Proof, are you with me?
You might also like
Come on then, everybody come on and
Kick your shoes off motherfuckers, come on in
'Cause we get it on until the break of dawn and
Wake your ass up motherfuckers, quit yawning
'Cause we ain't leaving 'til 6 in the morning
So have a sing along with the words of the song and
If you don't know the words, and you can't sing along, then
Fake like you know 'em motherfuckers and join in
Everybody, good morning!

They consider me the epitome me of a beef starter
In a party with heat, it's hard to keep me without one
Fuck slugs, I'm walkin' gloves with a shotgun
Constantly poppin' slugs, they hot, son, better not run (Aah!)
The bosses of all bosses; a holocaust to whoever ain't conscious
In a house full of dog shit
I'm a gothic death project, you stop breathin'
You die quicker than Mach speed without bleedin'
It ain't about what you readin'
When you meet me, better speak like a season's greetings
Either that or we'll be beefin' frequent
You niggas need an ''E'' just to speak shit
Your leader's a petite bitch
Keep the heater where you can reach quick
I snipe you with it, and we won't even keep it a secret
Nigga I did it from the mind of a mental patient
When Glocks wave, you can save that conversation for satan
You brave?
Come on then, everybody come on and
Kick your shoes off motherfuckers, come on in
'Cause we get it on until the break of dawn and
Wake your ass up motherfuckers, quit yawning
'Cause we ain't leaving 'til 6 in the morning
So have a sing along with the words of the song and
If you don't know the words, and you can't sing along, then
Fake like you know 'em motherfuckers and join in
Everybody, good morning!

I heard you niggas don't like us, but so what?
This beef is like, "What the fuck did he say in his rap, Em?"
I can see that he's just a punk
I mean these niggas squeeze on me
Please, I'm seeing guts
I don't need no enemies, as my family a couple trucks and my MPC and a mic
They empty out on them bike to fight you
In front of every reporter that I don't like
No need for metaphors to get points across when I write
This emotion's enough to say: "Fuck you, bitch, and I don't like you!"
What?! I might as well give this up, but that'd be selfish as fuck
To leave D12 in this, but we can't self-destruct
I've never felt it this much, c'mon, fellas, get up!
We gotta fight like Bugz last night of his life, c'mon!
I walk with a limp, pistol hanging off of the hip
I'm awkward and quick enough and sick when sparking a fifth
Your carcass is split, even if beef is partially thick
We can't take you seriously, you a comedy skit
You probably wish that you could be out, shooting at G's
But the only thing you shoot is the breeze, I can't believe
You speaking on moving keys, but every time we hear you kick it
The only thing that you selling is woof tickets
I look wicked 'cause niggas'll test your nutsack
So when they bust, you better bust back or get your guts clapped outta your stomach
And when they want it I'll bring a hundred niggas from Runyon, so get to gunnin' if you coming

Come on then, everybody come on and
Kick your shoes off motherfuckers, come on in
'Cause we get it on until the break of dawn and
Wake your ass up motherfuckers, quit yawning
'Cause we ain't leaving 'til 6 in the morning
So have a sing along with the words of the song and
If you don't know the words, and you can't sing along, then
Fake like you know 'em motherfuckers and join in