...for bitches!
Huh, these bitches always be all, (Ha-ha-ha!) giggling and shit (Come on! Bitch!)
But they get mad when their favorite song don't come on in the club (Bi-, ha! Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! Ha-ha-ha!)
Catch an attitude and shit (C'mon, bitch! C'mon, bitch-bitch! Bitch! Bitch! Bitch! B-B)
So we got one for them, it goes like this

We wrote a song for the hoes
You like to hear it, here it goes
A little something you probably won't hear on your radios
So when it comes on in the club it's one that everyone knows
And if I'm talking too fast it just means you're listening too slow
And if you listen a little faster maybe you'll catch up, bitch!
Juh-juh-juh-douh-duh-duh-douh-juh-jah, you just made me mess up, bitch!
Blibiri babiler blabber, it don't matter, I'm just blabbering
Like you understand what I'm saying anyway
I'm just traveling in one ear and I'm out the other
You're so fucking drunk all you hear is the beat, bl-bl-beat
I could be saying anything, just get your ass on the floor
Wear the same pants that you wore from the day before
Baby and shake that ass like a whore

Yeah, I'm talking to you, bitch!
Get up and dance, bitch!
Wiggle that ass, bitch!
Yeah that's it, bitch!
Yeah, I called you a bitch, bitch!
What you going to do about it, bitch?!
Sit there and cry like a little bitch, bitch!
Get up and dance, bitch!
Wiggle that ass bitch!
You little trash, bitch!
Yeah, that's it
Yeah, I called you a trash, bitch!
Not trailer trash, switch!
Take the person you with and exchange partner, bitch!
You might also like
Tell me that it ain't no hanging and fuck calling home
Until you look at me, before you answer the phone
When I flee, your ass can get naked and be as free
As you wanna-be freak, but I'm taking the key with me
You ain't gonna get shit, so don't even ask
Disrespect my wishes (Bitch!) I'll beat your ass
Watch me coming home full, eating half of your doggy bag
And I leave laughing, while you calling me on the rag
I'm the type that might cut off the lights when I hit
And before she cut them on, Kuniva already (Switched!)
Your ass ain't even riding with Swift unless you're hoeing
When I'm done, I'll throw you out and ask you where you going

Ho, ain't the only thing you call a girl:
Slut, Tramp?
Oh, how you doing, Sheryl?
Ever since I was eight I been starting to hate
I said, "Fuck the hoes," and started eating cheesecake
Scrambled eggs and steak, strawberries and grapes
Damn, that sounds great, hold on, wait... Bizzy!
Okay, back to the bitches, wash the dishes after that
Give me stitches, a fucking half-Indian chick, sucked my dick
This time tomorrow, I won't remember shit
Got respect for a player, got on snoop gators
And they ain't Now and Laters, bitch
Yeah, I'm talking to you, bitch!
Get up and dance, bitch!
Wiggle that ass, bitch!
Yeah that's it, bitch!
Yeah, I called you a bitch, bitch!
What you going to do about it, bitch?!
Sit there and cry like a little bitch, bitch!
Get up and dance, bitch!
Wiggle that ass bitch!
You little trash, bitch!
Yeah, that's it
Yeah, I called you a trash, bitch!
Not trailer trash, switch!
Take the person you (Yo) with and exchange partner, bitch!

Hey baby, what's up with you?
Hey...
Ayo, your man here with you?
Nope
Nah, you single, I can tell
You came with them hoes, didn't you?
Huh?
No, he meant friends girl, excuse him, it's the liquor
Hahahaha
Ayo, let's get this party cracking these bitches ain't got niggas
Bitches?
Now you know he didn't mean that...
Come on, you seen that...
She all whining and shit, get this bitch a Kleenex
What did he say?
Nothing! He said, "You seem stressed,"
Naw, you gots big breasts
Huh?
And you wearing your nice dress
'Cause I was finna say...
Oh, you wasn't finna say shit!
Excuse me?!
He said, "Michael Jackson just got another face lift"
Oh...
Dumb hoe!
Nigga?
Noo... Gumbo! He wanna cook it for you tonight
Bitch, what up though
Just fuck for a buck, do something strange for change
Or make me holla for a dolla, just hop in the range
Shh, shit, shut up, nigga, no, shut up
Man, fuck both y'all niggas
See, I was trying to be polite, stank-ass trick
Oh, somebody's jacking off tonight
I call you a bitch so don't trip, I say the same to my mama
I got Christina, Britney with me, shit, we bangin' Madonna (Ha!)
Watch you strip, you want a tip, bitch? Got change for a dollar?
Blow your tongue and give this one the mouth you came with a condom
Quit countin' them bottles and just swallow, breathe
Swallow, breathe, now swallow these seeds
I know you mocha lotti Mommies won't get down on your knees
You want some money, honey, damn, you must be outta your weave
Hit the telly, fuck her belly, you ain't gotta go eat
Plus you wanna be a model, you need a lot of more sleep
I'm a pimp, bitch, don't be shy, show me them big tits
Your lipstick, I want it smeared all on my limp dick
For instance, bustin' nuts is only my interest
So princess, don't get your feeling hurt, 'cause men just
Party and bullshit 'til she gargle and swallow my dick
I'm takin' the train to Spain, don't bother callin' me, bitch

Yeah, I'm talking to you, bitch!
Get up and dance, bitch!
Wiggle that ass, bitch!
Yeah that's it, bitch!
Yeah, I called you a bitch, bitch!
What you going to do about it, bitch?!
Sit there and cry like a little bitch, bitch!
Get up and dance, bitch!
Wiggle that ass bitch!
You little trash, bitch!
Yeah, that's it
Yeah, I called you a trash, bitch!
Not trailer trash, switch!
Take the person you with and exchange partner, bitch!

Ha-ha! Ha-ha! Ha-ha-ha-ha!
Yeah, you heard me, bitch (Yeah!), did I stu-stu-stutter stupid?!
You ain't listenin' to the words of this song anyway
All you do is listen to the beats with your dumb-ass, bitch!
Dancing, trying to get a nigga money in the club, ha-ha, with your stupid manipular self
We was talking 'bout you, dodo (Dumb!)
You! You dumb bitch! You! Ha-a
The one that want a drink and dont want to pay for it
Spend all your money you make all week on that dress
And I spill a drink on it, acting like I'm drunk when I'm not
I'm just tryna fuck! Ha-ha!
I'm just tryna fuck, bitch!
Ha-ha-ha!
Wooo! D-Twizzy! Yeah!