I wanna see what's under there, baby

Who's that peekin in my window?
Uh, you should let some more skin show
And if one of these websites get the info
We can work it out, no Nintendo
I just hit Alt + Tab
Switchin' in between two convos
I should just call cabs
And bring 'em both here to the condo
Yeah, normally it ain't a question
We would cross paths like an intersection
But she just too far away for affection
So I pray that we never lose a connection
Cause I remember Stacy, she prolly hate me
She used to threaten she had a man to replace me
She talk that shit, I just hit the escape key
And then she get mad and wanna go and erase me
And I remember Amy, she used to AIM me
She stayed up late, and used to blame me
She said I'm too wild, she wanna tame me
I told her even Photoshop couldn't change me
But you-you-you, you got me open girl, why lie?
We ain't even tryna settle, so why try?
End the night with a kiss and a bye bye
No strings attatched, your love is so Wi-Fi
You might also like
I love it, girl
The way you bring your light into this room
Uh, I love it, girl
The way your legs ?light up? when they're in them shoes, ohhh
I love it, girl
The way your lips looks after you apply the gloss
Ah, I love it, girl, girl
You look right in the screen then take it o-off, off
 (The-Dream)
My digital girl, girl, girl, girl, girl, girl
(She's my digital) girl, girl, girl, girl, girl, girl, girl
(She's my digital girl)

My homies never see you
But I always got you right here for me
Tucked, in my Louis computer bag
Wherever you are, I could be
I type you a message full of X's and O's
You shoot me a video and then upload
Even though I hate this distance, it keeps me persistent
One day I'll have your ass up in this kitchen
 (The-Dream)
My digital girl, girl, girl, girl, girl, girl
(She's my digital) girl, girl, girl, girl, girl, girl, girl
(She's my digital girl)
Not a day goes by, shawty (woah, hey, shawty, ayy!)
Without you on my mind, shawty (woah, hey, shawty, ayy!)
Donna Karan underwear, baby (woah, hey, shawty, ayy!)
(Babe, I swear you have nothing to worry about)
I wanna see what's under there, baby (Oh baby, yeah, baby!)
(It's easy, look, let me explain)
When you take the picture, cut off your face
And cover up the tattoo by the waist
Let the MC Serch 'til I reach 3rd base
And when I get home I'ma hit home plate
Wait, could this be considered our first date?
"'Ye, the picture just looks so trash"
Your body make a baller spend cooked coke cash
Plus every good girl wanna go bad
In Playboy mags like Stacey Dash
Or Kim Kardash', and be a lady aaaaat it
You know what's a crazy thing?
Some girls'll make you wait longer than A.C. Green
Passion of the Christ, 33-Year Old Virgin
That's disrespectful baby, don't encourage him
I like 'em brown, yellow, Puerto Rican, or Persian
Dashiki, kimono, or turban
They say I dress white, but my swag so urban
Tryin my luck, I hit her with the text say
"Baby you up," Question mark
And she respond, "YES-S-S-I-R"
 (The-Dream)
My digital girl, girl, girl, girl, girl, girl
(She's my digital) girl, girl, girl, girl, girl, GIRL, girl
(She's my digital girl)

I ain't lyin, no no
I ain't cheatin, no no
I ain't lyin, uh no
I ain't lyin, no no
I ain't lyin, no no
I ain't cheatin, no no