Yo, check this out
The Black Godfather's finna take over
The whole motherfuckin' world
See what I mean?
Yeah, gangsta scene
In South Park, of course, bitch
Peace to the Terrorists

Ayo
Ayo
Ayo
Ayo
Ayo (I'm the Godfather)
Ayo (I'm the Godfather)
Ayo (I'm the Godfather)
Ayo (I'm the Godfather)

South Park is where I started makin' money, G
I packed a 9 millimeter, and dared any bitch to fuck with me
Slangin' them rocks, and them ki's
Left at least 50 dead niggas hangin' from trees
'Cause in my hood, we don't play that
Gank my dope, they'll find you bleedin'
With your mothafuckin' skull cracked
A nine is my best friend
Inside my closet, in my house, it's packed full of dead men
I see a punk ass cop I don't like
Hollow point, point blank range, exploded in his wind pipe
40 grand in 30 minutes, jack
Pushin' kilos and kilos, keepin' my mothafuckin' pockets fat
I'mma nigga causin' harm
Come short on my money, it'll cost you a arm
The book of slangin' dope, I'm the author
You better not fuck with the Black Godfather
You might also like
Ayo
Ayo
Ayo
Ayo
Ayo (I'm the Godfather)
Ayo (I'm the Godfather)
Ayo (I'm the Godfather)
Ayo (I'm the Godfather)

The FBI wants my head, so they watch me
But my money's still comin', man, them hoes can't stop me
When down with me, you get one chance
One chance only, you snitch
Call the mothafuckin' ambulance
You know what happened to the last nigga snitchin'?
They found his wife's head cut off, layin' in a kitchen
Her son was found dead with a stabbed up face
What about his little girl?
She got smothered in a suitcase
Another hit, somebody's gankin' my shit
Break out the nine and shoot, 'til they mothafuckin' head split
Chop 'em down and yell "timber!"
And if you can't get them, get they family members
Too many hits, I'm losin' business
So I get some new connections, solo, without a witness
80 grand a fuckin' day
I'm clockin' 20 grand on a mothafuckin' bad day
The Godfather, niggas can't ignore me
I got so much clout, I got niggas that'll die for me
'Cause I'm the Black Godfather
Had a nigga bumped out
'Cause he was short a fuckin' quarter
I kill niggas for sport
I'd shoot my own momma if she come up short
The book of slangin' dope, I'm the author
You better not fuck with the Black Godfather
I'll kill your ass
Look, look, look, look
Let me tell you somethin' there, nigga
You'll never learn my lifestyle of livin'
I started from nothin'
Ain't nobody give me shit
And ain't nobody help me get shit
So, yet, you can't tell me shit
Anyways, how the hell you don't know where I'm at?
If you ain't never been where I been?
Do you understand where the fuck I'm comin' from?

They say I'm destined for Hell, but so what
I got money in my pockets, bitch, I don't give a fuck
You can say what you want to say
But if I pull out my gun (Please don't shoot!)
Is what you're gonna say (Ack!)
You hoes steady talkin' that shit
You can't get the police, 'cause they on my payroll, bitch
A crazy-ass dope man
Rollin' with Scarface, Terrorists, and the Peter Man
People say I shouldn't have said this
They'll find your family shot up, in the livin' room headless
When I'm mad, niggas get lit up
(Godfather ain't shit!) (*gunshots*) Nigga, get up
I don't play when it comes to my dope
Ask that nigga they found dead, bleedin' with his neck broke
I'm going to Hell, yeah, that's how I figure
But while I'm on Earth, I'mma be a rich nigga
So I slang and slang, always packin' a gun
Before I die, I'll pass the business to my son
And then I'll teach him the ropes
'Cause a nigga can't get shit unless he slang dope (Word)
Dealin' kilos and carry a trigger
Before you die, kill at least 300 niggas
The book of slangin' dope, I'm the author
You better not fuck with the Black Godfather
Yo, check this out, Black Godfather
You serious about this, right?
We'll kill 'em, dead off, 10 grand, no problem
But check this out, now that I think about it
We'll do it for 5 grand, 'cause you done did a whole lot
For a whole Coalition, you know what I'm sayin'?
Check this out, we'll do it for 2 grand
That'll be a set price, what you think about that?
Nope? Well, fuck it, fuck it!
We'll just do it for free, kill his ass
Leave his ass dead, splattered, guts in the street