What's wrong, Nip?
Yeah, man
Life's gettin' terrible in South Park, man
Everybody killin' each other, man, we need to stop
This is a message for the gangsta niggas
That's right, man
Need to chill, man
Yeah
Yo Nip, tell 'em straight up like it is, man
No shortcuts, man, South Park style, man

Dope walls in Houston are gettin' rough
That's the third dope-house that the dope fiends shot up (Yup)
Brothers killin' other brothers
For a funky dime rock, he'll smother his own mother (Damn)
Straight up madness
Six dead bodies results in sadness
Dope men shootin' up
Nobody's gettin' up, pints of blood, they're spittin' up (Damn)
When wills they quit?
Three witnesses - but they won't say shit! (Nothin')
South Park is the hood where it's done
If you walking by yourself you must be packing a gun
'Cause if you're not, you finna get stomped (Yup)
You might be a victim of a 12-gauge pump *(Gun blast*)
To the head, in goes the lead
On the news they're pronouncin' another brother's dead (Damn)
So much blood spilled
If you shoot you live, if you don't you get killed (Huh)
And they say black people's to blame (What? Pft)
Maaaan, that's a damned shame!
You might also like
("Life ain't shit to fool with" repeated sample)
You know, man, life ain't got to be like this
That's right
Everybody need to sit back and stop killin'
Right

I had a homeboy - his name was Darryl Bradley (Yeah, I know  him)
The way he died, it was sad to see
It's like this, one Thursday night (What's up?)
Drinkin' them 40s and gettin' high as a kite
Here comes my homeboy Russ (Russ)
Him and Darryl Bradley begins to fuss
Russ had a gun in his case (Doin' what?)
Wavin' it inside my homeboy's Darryl's face
So Darryl said "chill, man (Chill, man)
Won't you go on with that gun before some blood spill, man!"(Uh huh)
But Russ wouldn't leave with the gun (Nope)
D.B. was hard, so he didn't run (Yeah)
They started fightin', and Darryl got the best, (Aw, shit)
All of a sudden, *(gun blast)*, to Darryl's chest
Russ retreated and got away (What's-)
Shiiit, 5-0's caught his ass the next day (Huh)
Term all from the lead
Now Russ is in jail, and Darryl is dead (Damn)
Kill was the aim
Maaaan, that's a damned shame! (Yup)
("Life ain't shit to fool with" repeated sample)
Yo, it's like this
We love you Darryl Bradley
Everybody in South Park is rootin' for you in Heaven (Peace)
Peace
Peace

Police brutality operates undercover
Instead of a ticket, they beat on a brother (Yeah)
And when they try to get away from the brutal fest (What they say?)
They say "resisting arrest" (Pft)
Now how in the Hell they gonna let that pass?
Cops supposed to help, not whoop on a brother's ass (Yeah)
Goin' insane is what I order (Naw)
But then again, I'll turn my tape on ''Slaughter'' (Pow)
Yeah, and listen to the things that I say
Get the gat *(gun blast)*
Now what's up with that? (Fool)
I'm tired of this bull, I'm ready to pull
Blast and blast 'til the graveyard's full! (*gun blasts*)
Everyday a young brother gets drugged
Kicked in the face, and whooped with a Billy club (Damn)
Then they take you to jail, throw you in a cell
Beat you again, now how in the Hell you gon' win? (Yeah)
But when you get out - take revenge, no doubt
Do it for the brothers, and put some heads out (Slaughter)
And when it's over, don't take the blame
Let the white man say "That's a damned shame!" (Huh)
("Life ain't shit to fool with" repeated sample)
Yeah
Yeah
You mothafuckas don't know
Tell 'em, Nip
All that police brutality, we ain't takin' that shit no more
None of it!
Peace, Rodney King
Yeah, givin' a shout out to Lil' Mud too, man
It's time to hit back, and fight back, for what's right
Yeah