Dope-E: What's wrong, NIP?
Ganksta NIP: Yeah, man, life's going terrible in South Park, man. everybody killing each other, man, we need to stop, this is a message for the gangsta niggas
Dope-E: That's right, man
Ganksta NIP: Need to chill, man. Yeah
Dope-E: Yo, NIP, tell 'em straight up like it is, man, no shortcuts, man, South Park style, man
:
Dope wards in Houston are getting rough
That's the third dope-house that the dope fiend shot up. (Damn, man)
Brothers killin' other brothers
For a funky dime rock kills smother his own mother. (Damn)
Straight up madness
Six dead bodies results in sadness
Dope mean shootin' up
Nobody's gettin' up, pints of blood, they're spittin' up (Damn)
When will they quit?
Three witnesses, they won't say shit (Nothing)
South Park is the hood where it's done
If you walking by yourself you must be packing a gun
'Cause if you not (yep), you finna get stomped
You might be a victim of the 12-gauge pump
To the head, in goes the lead
On the news they're pronouncin' another brother's dead (Damn)
So much blood spill
If you shoot you'll live, if you don't you get killed (Huh)
And they say black people's to blame (What?)
Maaan, tch, that's a damn shame
You might also like:
("Life ain't shit to fool with")
Ganksta NIP: You know, man, life ain't got to be like this
Dope-E: That's right
Ganksta NIP: Everybody make you sit back and stop killing
:
I had a homeboy, his name was Darryl Bradley (Yeah, I know him)
The way he died it was sad to see
It's like this one thursday night (What's up?)
Drinkin' the 40s and gettin' high as a kite
Here comes my homeboy Russ (Russ)
Him and Darryl Bradley begins to fuss
Russ had a gun in his case (Doin' what?)
Wavin' it inside my homeboy Darryl's face
So Darryl said "chill, man (Chill, man)
Won't you go on with that gun before some blood spill, man" (Uhuh)
But Russ wouldn't leave with the gun (Nope)
D.B. was hard, so he didn't run (Yeah)
They started fighting, and Darryl got the best (Ohh, shit)
All of a sudden, to Darryl's chest
Russ retreated and got away (What's it...?)
Shiiit, 5-0s caught his ass the next day (Huh!)
Turmoil off all the lead
Now Russ is in jail, and Darryl's dead (Damn)
Kill was the aim
Maaaan, that's a damned shame
:
("Life ain't shit to fool with")
Dope-E: Yep!
Ganksta NIP: Yo, it's like this. We love you Darryl Bradley. Everybody in South Park is rootin' for you in here
Dope-E: Peace
Ganksta NIP: Peace
Dope-E: Peace
:
Police brutality operates undercover
Instead of a ticket, they beat on a brother (Yeah)
And when they tryna get away from the brutal fest (What they say?)
They say "resisting arrest"
Now how in the hell they gonna let that pass?
Cops supposed to help, not whoop on a brother's ass (Yeah)
Goin' insane is what I order (Naw)
But then again I turn my tape on ''Slaughter'' (Pow)
Yeah, and listen to the things that I say
Get the gat, now whassup with that, fool?
I'm tired of this bull, I'm ready to pull
Blast and blast 'til the graveyard's full
Everyday a young brother gets drugged?
Kicked in the face, and whooped with a billy club (Damn)
Then they take you to jail, throw you in a cell
Beat you again, now how the hell you gon' win (Yeah)
But when you get out. take revenge no doubt
Do it for the brothers, and put some heads out (Slaughter!)
And when it's over, don't take the blame
Let the white man say (huh), "that's a damn shame"
:
("Life ain't shit to fool with")
Dope-E: Yeah
Ganksta NIP: Yeah, you motherfuckas don't know
Dope-E: Tell 'em right here, NIP
Ganksta NIP: I'll let? police brutality, we ain't takin' that shit no more
Dope-E: No more
Ganksta NIP: PEACE, Rodney King!