Ganksta mothafuckin' NIP
Point mothafuckin' Blank
Dope mothafuckin' E
K mothafuckin' Rino
S.P.C. in full effect
If you run up, you'll leave with no neck (Ahahaha)

This goes out to Gangsta G
A test for your crew, 'cause you're wack
I'm handin' out ass-whoopin's, take one and pass 'em back
When I catch you, I'mma end my frustration
Give yo' shotgun the black asshole resuscitation (Gun blast)
I play games, so A&M thinkin' I'ma 'fess
Fuck the tail play, pin the knife in the sucka's chest
Legend of H-Town, throwin' a fit
Rock the mic 'til it was on the ground, bleedin', sayin' "Oh shit!"
Little two-foot punk tryna crash town
I wish you would run up, 'fore I'd slap your little ass down
Radical rhymes beat a trick like a bat
Charles Manson saw what I did
And said "Damn, why I ain't think of that?"
K-Rino's first offence comin' fast
If I'm tired, I might make a mothafucka whoop his own ass
I ain't lyin', my bite'll murder my bark
K-Rino's a rough brother from South Park
Guess what?
You might also like
I got my man Dope-E comin' up behind me (What's up?)
Watch what you doing with that knife, man! (Look out, look out!)
I'm finna kick a rhyme, so you better watch your back
Ready to attack, kick that rhyme, Dope, '86

The Holocauster Dope-E, rollin' with The Terrorists
Labeled as the scariest
Bombs are planted when I'm very pissed
Egypt E'll chain you down like bondage
Shove a stick down your throat, until you gag and vomit
Terrorism continues, shut your mothafuckin' mouth!
The South is in the house, South Park ain't soft
'Cause that's where the Dope-E chill
Sometimes I feel - I got a serial kill, for real
Biogenetic, look it up, and let it, be embedded
That Dope-E said it, so give me my fuckin' credit
Or you will be beheaded, in other words chopped
You can be a citizen, or a fuckin' cop
It's a bomb threat, and we'll blow you hoes up
With lyrics from Hell, dead bodies, I ain't givin' up
Me, Dope-E, I'm hard, black, and dark
One of the roughest mothafuckas from South Park
Bitch!
Yeah
Check it out
Coalition Nationwide, damn fool
Got my boy - from Illinois, bringin' the noise
Point Blank
Yeah, what's your name, nigga?

Point Blank, a rough mothafucka from South Park
Takin' no shit, and I'm straight-up hard
Some people say I'm mentally reactic
A psycho prone to bad dreams, so I sleep in a straitjacket
When I was young, I used to do lot of crazy things
Like stickin' my head, back and forth, under a guillotine
I felt bad 'cause my Mom didn't trust me
Maybe 'cause I left that  in her pussy, shit
I never meant to be a bad boy
Didn't wanna be a sad boy, now, I'm a mad boy
Killin' mothafuckas just for lookin' at me
I got upset and choked the shit out my granddaddy, man
I ain't playin', I think I need to be killed
Had to fuck niggas up, just to get my prescription filled
'Cause I fiend over dead bodies
After dark, 'cause I'm a rough brother from South Park!
Yeah
I got my homeboy Ganksta mothafuckin' NIP in the house
A psycho-ass nigga
Dissin' yo' crew, straight out of South mothafuckin' Park
Kick that shit

Arms, legs, heads, necks, and throats
All of the symptoms of 26 dead goats
Cocaine? Yeah, it got me addicted
Saw a cat on the ground dead, I hugged it and licked it
A taste of blood, just give me a smidgeon
Tried sexual intercourse with a mothafuckin' pigeon!
South Park is the ponderosa
You think I won't hit yo' ass? Shit, come closer
'Cause I kill the best
I was born in a dead fish head in my brother's chest
Don't come talkin' that pig shit
'Cause if you do - prepare to get your mothafuckin' wig split!
Triple 6 was born with ten legs
He only uses two, 'cause the other eight is dead
I wouldn't stop choppin', 'til only Troy leg was left
In less than a minute, his insides bled to death
A&M better get that mud up
Troy on the ground bleedin', I'm lickin' his blood up
Ganksta NIP - a psycho, indeed, I won't stop whoopin' yo' ass
'Til your mothafuckin' blood bleed, bitch!
I can't be beat
My mama hit me yesterday, her funerals next week!
That's how it is in the dark
Ganksta NIP is the roughest mothafucka in South Park!
And I mean that shit!

Yo, Triple 6
Let the Devil take over your hand on that table