Yo, check this out
This report just in
Ganksta NIP
Known to the world as the most violent, insane executioner
He's running wild through the city streets of Houston
Ladies and gentlemen, he is definitely a psycho case
He's-he's demonic
In the last past hour
We've estimated 26 slaughtering deaths
His main focus seems to be crooked cops
Police officers are being killed in the line of duty
The question is: Can he be stopped? if so, who gon' do it?

A cop slapped my mama, so I had to get mean
They found his leg in his car
They found his head behind Walgreens
Pressin' your luck, cops better duck
I catch 'em by they self (*gunshots*)
'Cause I don't give a fuck
Ganksta NIP ain't a joke
They'll find a cop hangin' bloody with a nail in his throat
Goddamn, mothafucka, I'm tired of this shit
.357, point blank range, call the ambulance, die, bitch!
First cop I see, I'm breakin' his knee
Then break inside his house
And kill his whole fuckin' family
Ganksta Nip would go mad after dark
A bulletproof vest don't mean shit in South Park
911 means somebody is dead
There'll be 911 cops shot in they fuckin' head (*gunshots*)
White mothafuckas talkin' that shit
The chief of police found dead with his neck split
Cuff me up, lock me up, you better beware
'Cause Triple Six is still out there
You might kill me, but he ain't soft
There'll be a closet full of cops with they heads cut off
Slaughter!
You might also like
The police are gonna have to come and get me!
Don't like coppers
The police are gonna have to come and get me!
Don't like coppers

Ganksta Nip, with the lyrics from Hell
I go insane, loose my brain
Drive a train through the county jail
You lady cops, yeah, y'all think that I'm soft
Stick my gun inside your pussy, and (*gunblast*)
'Cause I'm pissed off!
I've been known for takin' a cops life
Nip got a rep of piercin' ears with a butcher knife
A crazy nigga, some say I'm insane
Cop killer is my first, shoot that bitch is my last name
The mothafuckin' world better beware
'Cause I was born on a saw machine, died in a wheelchair
1-on-1 with a cop, back up, and let's face off
Tie a hook to his neck, and yank his whole fuckin' face off!
I'm gettin' mean, aw, fuck, I'm gettin' meaner
600 dead cops stuffed in a vacuum cleaner
In 5 seconds, cops gettin' fried
5-4-(*gunblasts*) I lied
If I can't catch you, I ain't gon' sweat it, it's cool
But you better walk your mothafuckin' kids to school
Slaughter
The police are gonna have to come and get me!
Don't like coppers
The police are gonna have to come and get me!
Don't like coppers

Black cops jackin' white cops like a sucka
Tryin' to impress them hunky mothafuckas
Slap a nigga for nothin' to get acrossed
Slap me?
I'll grab your head and yank your mothafuckin' ears off
When I start blastin', they start duckin', see
You should've known not to fuck with me
But you did, mothafucka, now this means war
Catch a cop while he ain't lookin', and piss in his car
When he come runnin', I'mma act like I'm scared
Let his ass get close enough
And drill some scissors in his fuckin' head
I got the hollow points to load up the gauge
If you want a dead cop, look under Nip in the yellow page
Sweepin' body parts under the rug
Tucked the meat out a cops head, now that's for Lil' Mud
A cop got a 9, I got a 9, so it's said
I took his 9, now there's 18 cops dead (*gunshots*)
A cop killer is my part, understood
Apart none, I got a gun
So I can slaughter the peckerwoods
Talkin' shit? Cops know I ain't with it
They'll find a cat eatin' your neck
With a note that said "Nip did it"
Slaughter
The police are gonna have to come and get me!
Don't like coppers
The police are gonna have to come and get me!
Don't like coppers

Yo, check this out
This song is dedicated to Rodney King out of Delaney
And my homeboy Lil' Mud
And they say cops supposed to help ya