It goes SRWAFT, skit 'em!
Listen!
Daddy told me
I'm free if GOD knows me
I'm a little fish in a big ocean
But forget the nets, you can't hold me
I already got these lines with me, and you know people's what we fish
But don't ask me if I'm a merman because I'm keeping that a secret!
Question my existence?
Well come see me play this
Nah, forget me, The LORD is coming back
ASAP Chemistry, that's hard science
All these laws, well He defies them
Jesus Christ, and The Holy Spirit, and GOD are GOD, you can't deny it!
I can't confirm it, but I'm not trying
I haven't seen but I believe
Blessed is the man who has not seen but still believes, well that's me
I became His slave, I was set free
Chains no longer kept me
I used to be in a glass cage but Jesus came to come get me
You might also likeCrowded in the tank, I was looking through to the other side
I couldn't breathe, I needed air, because I was smothered in my pride
But He pulled me up to the surface
Now I'm free and I'm living Worthless
I used to drown in this very water but now I go and surf this


I'm free!
I'm not in chains anymore
Free!
Like the sand and the shore
I'm free!
Like I'm flying out in space
I'm free!
Like the wind and the waves!
You can't keep me caged, because I will escape


Everything I knew was fake and it was all a show
Because I was surrounded by people, but I was all alone
Because I saw the world around me but I just couldn't touch it
I was trapped in my own world, and even though it wasn't much
It
Looked real and it seemed real
To the people looking in from outside
And everyone thought that this life was perfect, cause that was the way it was advertised
It was made out to be beautiful
But that was cruel and unusual
Because they promised you would gain the world
But they didn't say that you'd lose your soul
But now I've found my soul and it's so free because Jesus has it
Now I'm no longer a captive and I'm so much happier than I could ever imagine
Because His love is amazing and I'm just a picture of it
And yeah my life is crazy but that's the way I love it!

I wouldn't change anything
Everything is how it's supposed to be
Now I follow the narrowest current that's leading me through the sea
Quit tellin who to be, I'm not gonna be anybody but me!
And if I didn't make this clear, I'll say it again