Yeah
They told me "Summer nights
Live it like there's no tomorrow!"
But I find myself wasting every moment I borrow
I talk about my past but I still live like that today
I've tried to overcome it
But I need to find a better way
So I've been taking it day by day
Now I'm just looking for words to say
To tell you about all my past mistakes
And how I'm still making them everyday
I've kept it a secret forever I really thought that was how it'd stay
Trying to have a good relationship but this just keeps getting in the way
But I confessed to my friends hoping that they could help
They said they'd call me when I'm tempted, but I never tell them
Man, but then after ive already messed up
I'm so regretful but I call them like "homie I fell"
Dang
Well when am I gonna be able to say "I made it?"
When am I gonna look back on this knowing that I can say "That's outdated."
Because right now I hate it, why can't I just let it go?
I've gotta stop but I know I can't do it on my own
No I need YOU JESUS!
You might also like

Summer is Mine
To get it right this time
And I believe that
My GOD will restore my life
Every broken promise that I have made
To Him, I believe
That my GOD will restore
My life


All of my recent summer memories
Involve me seeing something I should never see
Or doing something that should've never even crossed my mind
But this summer has gotta be different, I'm makin it right this time!
Cause I'm so tired of being a slave
The past 4 years I've been living this way
And every time I say "I'm gonna change."
But nothing is different, I've stayed the same
You'd think that after so long, that I would've learned one thing
But none of this is ever gonna work out for me!
Cause no matter what I do I'm never satisfied!
And I figured out I've been believing lies!
Because they told me if I chase my own desires
That I'd be happy but it didn't work! Why'd I try it?
But I've decided
To make better decisions
Now I'm gonna start to live the way I claim I'm living!
It's time I take my life into a different season
A summer of success, this is my beginning
So I can finally say


Summer is Mine
To get it right this time
And I believe that
My GOD will restore my life
Every broken promise that I have made
To Him, I believe
That my GOD will restore