Now lemme explain what I mean when I say this, okay?
Here's what I mean what I mean when I say financial lane, here's what happens.
You start to make money.
When you make money, you meet other people that make money.
When you meet other people that make money, you wanna hang out with these people.
But naturally, you wanna spend money the way they spend money but then you realize that you don't make the same type of money that these fuckin people make, okay?
It's very true, that's why you gotta stay in your lane, alright?
Certain people I don't hang out with.
Athletes?
I don't hang out with athletes.
I used to.
I stopped.
Lemme tell you why I stopped.
Athletes don't respect money.
How do I know this?
From experiences.
This is not a joke this is a true story.
I'm in Vegas with a athlete friend of mine.
Keep in mind, he's doing a lot better than me in life, okay?
Naturally, I want to keep up with him.
so before we go out he said "
Kev, don't worry bout nothin, I got you.
Everything is on me."
I said "
Hey bitch, I'm a man, I'll pay for my fuckin stuff.
Okay?"
So we go out, he get a table, I got a table.
He got bottles, I got bottles.
He had bitches come to the table, I didn't have no bitches.
I had my aunt, my aunt was with me.
I'm not gon call my aunt no bitch, I love her too much.
But regardless, we havin a good time, okay?
Now I'm not gon lie, I got the bill.
I didn't like it.
Uhhh, you ever, you ever get a bill so high you try to put it in the light like it's gon change?
Hold up, wait a minute, hold on, okay.
But I can't bitch about the bill, reason I can't bitch about the bill, cause he didn't bitch about the bill.
So I said you know what, I started talking to myself.
I said "
Kev, just pay the bill.
Pay it!"
So that's what I did.
I payed the bill, I go to my room, I go to sleep.
Here's why I don't mess with athletes.
Next morning, I wake up, my boy that I was with he called me.
He said "
Kev, yo, last night was crazy, wasn't it?" I said "
Man, I had a ball." He said "
Well guess what, we gon do the same shit again tonight."
I say "
I'm not gon do it.
I can't, I can't do it 2 nights in a row, because, the way that my bank account is set up." You ever, you, you ever start explaining your financial situation for no reason at all?
I said "
I would, but the way that my bank account is set up, the thing is, I got a checking and a savings, but all the money is in my savings.
So I gotta switch it to my checkin, but it's gon take 3 buisness days.
I don't, I don't think it's gon go through.
I don't think it's gon go through."
Athletes 'll mess your life up man, they will.
I'm tellin ya I know this from experience, okay?
Dwayne Wade, thats a good friend of mine, I love Dwayne too death.
Here's the thing, I can't hang out with Dwayne no more, I'll tell you why.
Dwayne tried to fuck my life up.
He did!
Dwayne tried to make me buy a boat.
I don't even have a fuckin house, I said "
Hey man." I said "
I don't think this is a good investment." He said "
Stop being a bitch, you got it ball out." I said "
No, no, no.
I would, but here's the thing.
The way my bank account is set up, the thing is, I got a, I got a checkin and a savings.
So I gotta switch it, it's gon take to long, the boat might not be there when I get back."
You can't hang out with everybody.
I'll be honest, another poblem of mine, I got to many financial fears.
I get scared fast.
I'll tell ya my biggest fear when it come to finances, my biggest fear is my credit card gettin declined in front of people.
Imma tell you why, here's the thing, It's not that I'm scared of my card gettin declined, I just don't like it when you announce it.
Like bitch, tell me, It's my card.
Don't, don't put on a show.
Don't come out like "
Mr.
Hart, uh uh, didn't go through.
I tried it 3 times.
I even wiped on my pants." Bitch, gimme the card, don't say all that, they don't need to know what you tried to do to make it happen, gimme the god damn card fo I punch you in the fuckin throat lady.
I'm not gon do this.
That's too much, too much.
I remember one time I got scared cause I though my card wasn't gon go through so I cut the waitress off before she even said anything. "
Mr.
Hart" Uhhh uh uh uh, come here, lemme talk to ya.
No, come in this side, lemme tell you somethin.
Listen, the way my bank account is set up, the thing is, I got a checkin and a savings, but all the money is in my savings so I don't think it's gon go through.