Uh, you know sometimes when you talk to mitches, you gotta slow things down
So I feel like I've been going too fast to where they can't understand me
So this is to all the mitches who can't comprehend thug talk, you know
That would be my rap voice
So right now I'm about to talk to y'all in my R&B voice you mitch

(Autotuned)
I don't like it when you do certain things, it be stupid
And I don't like it when you do certain things
(Speaking)
You hear me mitch?
This is dedicated to you suckas
Oh ho, mitch
It sounded like I was about to Rap but I'm not!
Cause all I'm doin' is just talkin' on this track, mitch
You a mitch homie break it down, easy flow, mitch

I'm bout that life, how you think I earned them stripes (We are)
You can tell I ain't no mitch (Dammit I'll prove it)
Ask your mom and she'll let you know, oh
You can tell I ain't no mitch (I'll prove it, look at my checks!)
I'm bout that life, how you think I earned them stripes
You can tell I ain't no mitch
Ask your mom and she'll let you know, oh
See Kevin Hart LiveGet tickets as low as $115You might also like
We in the mall, wall to wall packed
I said "ay lets look at these shoes on the rack"
You said "I can't, I got my girl's sack"
I said "What you mean?" you said "I got her back"
Her back? Or her bag whoa
Then you looked at me and said "Ay man look, no mo'"
I said "That's a mitch move! Holdin' her purse"
You said "What you gon' do, man you a male nurse"
I said "What does that even mean!"
Looked at me and said "Kev, get a dream"
Ok I just woke up, I got my cup
And what's in it is about to make me throw up
Cause I'm not a mitch


You out with your girl, the bill comes, you look up
Your girl say "Baby what's wrong, what's up?"
You run to the bathroom as if you got a problem
Now your girl pay for your tab problem
That's a mitch move, that's pretty rude
I would never do it, I'm too cool
I'm not a mitch homie, I'm a real man
My sock ain't ever stickin' out of my sandals holmes
Moody, I'm talkin' bout you Rudy
I tell you go out, you look at me "I'm so moody!"
"I don't feel like it! I got cramps!"
What you talkin' bout man you ain't yo gramps!
Yeah, I'm just upset
I moved on to you you said "Dude I got wrecked!"
So what? It's just water, sucka!
Look at you, you like you an angry motha!
Damn, how do I do it
It's like I found a bunch of swag seeds and I grew it
It's almost like she coulda' had me but she blew it
Cause she was a gold digger and I knew it
Bitch I ain't no
Mitch!

Don't ask me what my complexion is
At the end of the day, my reflection is
What I live by, and what I go by holmes
When you see me you always askin' what's that in my dome
Well it's my thoughts! They not yours
Don't try to take what I got and use it for yours
Yeah, that's some mitch stuff man
Thinkin' about what another man got ain't your plan