I don't upset black people doing that joke, I had a white woman scream at me once. "What gives you the right to do jokes about black people like that?" I'm like "Listen lady, my best friend. MY BEST FRIEND, is Cuban and that's close enough." She's like "I didn't know"
Cargo pant joke REMIX. Yeah. I'm dustin' off a classic. I'm puttin' a new twist on it. You ever buy cargo pants huh? Pockets all down the leg? One day I said to my self, "Daniel, that's a lot of pocket space, why are you wasting it?" I speak to myself like I'm the lord. I hope God speaks English. If I get up to Heaven and have to point at a menu, I'm gonna be pissed. Anyway, that's a sidetrack don't worry about it. I have a 5 gallon jar at my house I have to fill with change. I don't stop until I reach the tip top. Then a bell goes off and I know cargo pant day is here at last and I dance. I put the cargo pants on with the belt extra tight. Don't want to have such an embarrassing situation on such a great day. Then I take all the change, fill up all the pockets, that's heavy so you have to train for 2-3 days beforehand. Mostly lower body. I focused on kegel exercises. Then I get a car alarm, not a car alarm with a car, just a car alarm and I hold it to my chest really closely and I walk around the streets of Las Vegas and I wait for the first homeless person to come to me and say "Hey, you got any spare change?" Then I set off the car alarm WOO WOO WOO "YOU HIT THE JACKPOT MOFO" Then I start pelting him with change, and that hurts. But he didn't care, because he won. He finally won. So he's jumping up and down "Call the pit boss. Call the pit boss" And I'm like "Calm down stinky I don't have to it's under 400 dollars" and that's how October-fest started. That's a true story! You have to go to Germany to look it up it's a small town called Boppard it's on the Rhine River. A little boy in his cargo pants had a dream at 75. Yeah that's my style of comedy I like to do a joke that everyone likes and keep taking it farther and farther until nobody has a clue what I'm talking about.