Change up the system?
Who's gonna change up the system?
A man don't know, if a man don't show
It takes more than some bravery for the situation grows
Communicate so vital, the whole world at an idle
Lose all your fronts and put down every rifle
It's time for us to see
Time for you and me
There's too much greed, while so many bleed
Now that it's been said, let's put that shit to bed
Break it, shake it, take a hit, light it up and cut it
You say you got a feeling to change up the system
Cuz we can light the scene, be justice of the peace, create an unseen
Come use your head, we got ten times the power than some gunshots leaving some dead
Listen up, ready gotta make some shit right
We're standing up against the ones who take away lives
I mean it like, who wants to live a life, hiding from a war between some 45's tryin to survive
Common now
How many times you seen a Glock used in self-defense?
How bout less than 15 percent, so represent, stand up
Do you really wanna own one for the sake of it?
Think about black on black crime, what you think of that?
Poor people struggle everyday, and the rich get richer, what a fucked up state
So no more hate
Now let us rise up to the top
We'll spread a little love instead of seeing gunshots
Think quick, don't sit, come get, that's it, make it, commit yourself for a little bit, no no no
Oh my, time flies, short life, no cry, one time, kiss the fucking violence goodbye, whoa oh
See Rebelution LiveGet tickets as low as $33You might also likeYou say you gotta feelin' to change up the system whoa whoa whoa
You say you're gonna put down your weapon of destruction whoa whoa whoa
You say you gotta feelin' to change up the system whoa whoa whoa
You say you're gonna put down your weapon of destruction whoa
Who's gonna change up the system?
Who's gonna change up the system?
Who's gonna change up the system?
Well I'll be singing till the day I die
Using words, not the gun, cuz the words show the wise
On the side, it's the bullet I despise
Forget your fucking clip, stop!
Shouldn't even be there to buy
How many heads have got their morals tied up in a knot?
They forgot firing shots means a lot, naughty naught
Killin' some is ending plots
And the dreams of children growing up are cut short from the gat yeah
Do you really wanna own one for the sake of it?
Think about peace, don't you know there's a hope for that
And while we struggle everyday, remember that
Love starts with a passion to pursue fighting hate
You say you gotta feelin' to change up the system whoa whoa whoa
You say you're gonna put down your weapon of destruction whoa whoa whoa
You say you gotta feelin' to change up the system whoa whoa whoa
You say you're gonna put down your weapon of destruction whoa
Who's gonna change up the system?
Change up the system?