They ain't worth shit
Man I remember when that nigga used to be ridin? in that fucked up ass pontiac
And that shit was god damn sittin? outside
He had it posted up like that mother fucker was hard
That nigga ain't hard, that no hand ass nigga who he be runnin? with
That nigga ain't shit neither, he was up at south side
Big boy poppin? cuz he make that bank hit bounce shit
I almost slapped his punk ass one day in the lunch room
He ain't, god damn. I seen him, god damn when whistlin? down the street
Talkin? bout he need a ride, what kinda nigga need a ride?
They made whistle while you twurk, And thats functionin?
Ain't these some hatin ass niggas? Now look at this shit
I asked that nigga to run me up the street when he got that god damn Impala
He said nah, now that was some fucked up ass shit
Them ol? pussy ass niggas can suck my dick! (faggots)
(Verse 1)
Im goin? back mother fucker from the 6 zone
The same crippled mother fucker got picked on
I ain't never really have shit, holme
But a hard time and cold in my spit, holme
Now certain that wasn't workin? shit, holme
Man some label me a bitch, holme
The only plan is im bout to get rich, holme
If u don?t like what im sayin?, suck my dick, holme!
Poppin? pills and niggas droppin? and fallin? off the fuckin block
Some niggas doin? good and some niggas on crack rocks
Some of these niggas make a hell livin? in the game
Some of these niggas may try but it seems they can't
Cuz when they come down, they see this shit get hard
I know you try to be a man but that shit get hard
If you got it on your chest nigga speak your mind
In your ass get it wrong, you gon leave by nine! (Now)
I remember when that nigga D-roc?s mama used to be candy lady
That nigga had to go come strait home from school
And could never go outside and play
That lil punk ass boy, I always told him he wasn't never gon blow up in this shit
But he still wanna be in this shit and he start runnin? with god damn Kain
Like they were really gon blow up bein? the Ying Yang Twins
Them ol? punk ass niggas! (Where your handicap sign at?)
You might also like(Verse 2)
Busta bustas nothin? else but bustas
Glustlas on a nigga pinky make em mug us
Grills, my squad conceal upon here
Crips, they gats conceal upon here
Off the river deep down
With crip then be quietKnown from the east to the fuckin? west side
Nigga down to ride cuz im soldierfied
Never swallow my pride and you can check my height
Look nigga Im gon run your bone and try to get with
To put this shit in, now you shaken like a bitch
Fuck that shit, a nigga sayin you tryin to sound like me
So Im gon bust you in the lip like we shoppin? for free
And you?re at a low of words for a cat
Got your tongue with the gat
Got your mouth wide open, so who wanna...Oh u think your The Don!?
Ha ha; that ain't so, now its real nigga im a step in to let you fuckin? know!
Hey, you remember that nigga Ed used to walkin? tall
He walkin? tall, god he got em beat, he got them golds
He think his pockets swole
Them niggas still ain't got it goin? on
He walkin? around tellin? his holmes like a lil punk ass boy
I used to give him his way all the time, he just loved talkin? shit
Now he think he walkin? tall
Cuz he got that whistle while he twurk! ( I heard he still stay wit this mama)
(Verse 3)
Middle of the road ah
Watch out for them rollas
Pimpin Glock, told us
Thick like soldiers
If ya?ll ain't ready, ya?ll gon get it
You bitch ass niggas can't really fuck with it
Better watch out for them boys
And here up on the map
Wherever I stop and rest, best believe Im gon to snap
You c?mon up in here now them niggas wanna hate em
We already on the top of that shit so them niggas can't break us
Drop you like a tree, sting you like a bee
You make me mad now im knockin? out your fuckin? teeth
We can take it to the streets, If you ready then its on
Beat you like your daddy then see your ass on
A dead man walkin?, a deaf nigga listenin?
A blind nigga lookin?, a crippled nigga flippin?
No leg nigga runnin?, a no hand nigga slap ya
Thats some fucked up shit if no hand nigga slap ya! (Ha)
That nigga must be tellin? the truth cuz he a no hand ass mother fucker
Tried to slap me with that mother fucker but he missed
I already knew that mother fucker wasn't shit when he first said that shit
That ol? punk ass boy, And his god damn car he ever had broke down comin? down the street
That mother fucker just fell, that was some funny ass shit
Yea! And remember when we ran that punk ass nigga out from South Side?
And god damn he ran straight up to his crib in the complete other alley
How come this mother fucker hadnt learned yet
That was some fucked up ass shit, It was funny though
It was funny to me cuz this mother fucker think this other nigga gonna help him
And everybody started turnin? their back on himI already knew he wasn't shit and he never gon be shit and he ain't never gon mount to shit!
(Repeat 3 times)
Fuck the Ying Yang Twins! They ain't shit
They ain't ridin on dubs! They ain't shit
They got them golds in they mouth, but they ain't shit
They ain't shit! They ain't shit!