Mary wants to be a superwoman
But is that really in her head?
But I just want to live each day
To love her for what she is, mmm
Mary wants to be another movie star
But is that really in her mind?
And all the things she wants to be
She needs to leave behind

But, very well, I believe I know you very well
Wish that you knew me, too, very well
And I think I can deal with everything going through your head
Very well, and I think I can be very well
Wish that you knew me, too, very well
And I think I can cope with everything going through your head

Mary wants to be a superwoman
And try to boss the bull around
But does she really think that
She will get by with a dream?
My woman wants to be a superwoman
And I just had to say goodbye
Because I can't spend all my hours
Starting to cry
You might also like
But, very well, I believe I know you very well
Wish that you knew me, too, very well (Very well)
And I think I can deal with everything going through your head
Very well, think that I know you, too, very well
Wish you knew me like I know you, very well (Very well)
But I think I can deal with everything going through your head
(Your filthy head)
Very well, dum dum da, dum dum da
Very well, wish you knew me, too, very well (Very well)
And I wish I could think of everything going through your head
Very well, dum dum da, dum da, dum da
Dum dum da, dum da, very well
And I think I can deal with everything going through your head


When the summer came, you were not around
Now the summer's gone and love cannot be found
Where were you when I needed you last winter, my love?

When the winter came, you went further south
Parting from love's nest, leaving me in doubt
Where are you when I need you, like right now?
Our love is at an end
But you say now you have changed
But tomorrow will reflect love's past

When the winter came, you were not around
Through the bitter winds, love could not be found
Where were you when I needed you last winter, my love?

Oh, I need you, baby, I need you, baby

Our love is at an end
But you say now you have changed
But tomorrow will reflect love's past, oh

Spring will fill the air, you will come around
Is it summer love that will let me down?
Where were you when I needed you last winter, my love?

La la la la la, la la la la la
La la la la la, la la la la la
Where are you when I need you, like right now?
Right now, right now, right now
Oh
Oh, oh, yeah, yeah
Where were you when I needed you last winter, my dear?
I need you, baby, I need you, baby, I need you, baby
I needed you, baby, I needed you, baby, I needed you, baby
Oh, where were you when I needed you last winter, last winter
Yeah, need you, baby, need you, need you, baby
Oh, you want me to need you, baby