And you know I speak the truth
I learned that two years ago now my lady
And I've had to find a way to make you mine
Remembering the summer, I was twuneanunda (twenty and under)
Had to take it one day at a time
Had an angel and a subject at the same time
Sho ya right
They crossed passed at mahogany
I tried to make it work, remember I said, let's (let's) try (try)
This life without you is not for a brother
That's why I'm here trying to find my some kinda....
Love! Love la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la- Love!
To be continued 
Move to the drum, my L.A. babies
Where the night life is young
You will find your soul
Holla! for your man's
It's addictive baby
I don't know about you
But I can't fight it
Holla 
You might also likeLet the beat move your soul my New York mommas
You're giving me control by moving to this song
You gon make me lose my girl, and all that drama
I swear I'm lovin you
You love it to, then holla
If y'all be feeling this ladies say yea-ee-yeah-ee-yeah-ee-yeah oh oOo
And, If y'all be feeling this fellas say yea-ee-yeah-ee-yeah-ee-yeah ooo oh
And, If y'all be feeling this chickens say yea-ee-yeah-ee-yeah- bu cock
If y'all be feeling this everybody say yea-ee-yeah-ee-yeah- ee-yeah oh oOo
Holla 
Swing your bum to this one
My Detroit mommas
Hold me down on this one
Throw up your hands to this one
My Detroit players
Hold me down on this one
And holla...
If y'all be feeling this ladies say yea-ee-yeah-ee-yeah-ee-yeah oh oOo
And, If y'all keep feeling this fellas say yea-ee-yeah-ee-yeah-ee-yeah ooo oh
And, If y'all be feeling this chickens say yea-ee-yeah-ee-yeah- bu cock oh Oh
If y'all be feeling this everybody say yea-ee-yeah-ee-yeah- ee-yeah
And, If y'all be feeling this ladies say yea-ee-yeah-ee-yeah-ee-yeah oh oOo
And, If y'all be feeling this fellas say yea-ee-yeah-ee-yeah-ee-yeah ooo oh
If chickens is feeling this please say yea-ee-yeah-ee-yeah- bu cock
Everybody if you feel this for my people say yea-ee-yeah-ee-yeah- ee-yeah
Holla 

 Yo
 What's up Dwele man, what you into man?
 Shit, Holla at me
 man we tryin to this club, man trying to hit Icon or something man, you down?
 Naw man, I'm tired dude
 You tired man!?
 Ya man
 Step out with your boys man, we only see you every blue moon man. Let's go see the city man and the sights baby
HELLO!? Man this nigga here going to sleep man, this nigaa back in town, man don't want to kick it with his peoples man
 That nigga asleep?