Won't you, come ride with me, my lady
Maybe you can be my lova
Say baby, be my lova
Yeah, yeah

Say baby, are you called, my lady?
It's about 80 degrees and my AC is acting shady
Why you got on them clothes covering up your body?
You can lose them, trust me, you'll still be a super hottie
Say ma, I know you're a superstar
But there's someone down here who swears he don't know who you are
I'm gon' introduce you, girl, don't act like that
I'm just playing, you know I'm was saying that just to make you mad

Won't you be my lova (My lova), baby
Won't you be my lova, baby
(Don't you worry your little head about a thing)
Won't you be my lova, baby
(You know, my lova, my lova)
Won't you be my lova, baby

Say baby, if I pinch you here
Will the other respond like a twin would?
And on a scale from one to ten I give
Both your babies twelve like my Kenwoods
Hey lova, do you see another?
It's just me so why you hiding under all them covers?
Bring them twelves on over
I'll touch 'til chill bumps gather around just to see what's popping
Then there'll be no stopping, ah nah, baby
You on fire, ma, and that's all I want
Touch the CD player and let's see what's on
Let's dance while we sip these mimosas -- come on, you and me
All I'm saying is can we get closer, baby? Yeah, yeah
You might also like
Won't you be my lova
Won't you be my lova, baby
Won't you be my lova
(Oh yeah, we get closer, baby)
Won't you be my lova, baby

Say lova, if I find another
Spot on your body, I can connect the dots and draw the covers
I know that you're candy, I, don't mind getting my covers sticky
If I happen to watch your frame, don't be ashamed, delight in kinky
If you need to call my name, do your thang, truth be told
If I have to call your name, that means we're one night united souls
Oh, oh no

Baby, won't you please be my
If you really don't mind, won't you be my lova
Baby, won't you please be my
If you really don't mind, won't you be my lova
Baby, won't you please be my
If you really don't mind, won't you be my lova

- Good morning, baby
- Good morning. Did you sleep good?
- If you wanna call that sleep. Hey, what's that playing on the radio? I like that
- That's a new joint. I ain't go no words to it yet, but you mighta inspired a little somethin', you know what I'm sayin'? For real
- You hungry?
- What you gon' cook?
- I'll cook
- Oh, okay. Can you turn the radio up a little bit for me when you go?
- Alright, baby
- Thank you, baby *phone ringing* Hello
- Sing to me
- Right now?
- Yeah
- Ha, you crazy. Alright, real quick, real quick. I like this
Call me in the morning, just to wake me with the sun
I only do this for my lover
Early as hell, just to sing you a song
Don't you ever second guess the fact that I love you, oh no, no
(You crazy)
'Cause it's cool, no matter the time
'Cause you're my angel, yeah
Like all lovers do, like all...wait, wait
Baby, your flapjacks ready
Who is that? Dwele? (Huh?)
Who the fuck is that in the background?
Girl, I didn't hear nothin'
What is a flapjack? I cannot believe this. It's six o'clock in the morning. Who the hell is over there?
Alright, wait, wait
What the fuck is that?