Aha!
I saw these fools try to get around, try to let me down and all that, ha!
But I got an easy way to let dem drown
With these Guns of Navarone

Step inna a deadly zone against the Killer on your own
Me shoot dem like a Al Capone with Guns of Navarone
Some try to reach around, and try to let me down
A quicker way to make dem drown
Dem step up in a deadly zone
Badman dem boy waan clown
Tell dem it's gun down before showdown
Well! Dem shoulda know when Scare Dem rockin' out
Big guns poppin' out, niggas get smoked out

Yo, dunn, they tried to knock me down, bury me under
Big pipes soundin' like thunder
Skated by the skin of my teeth
I had to put a man in his place last week
Now, why you wanna come at me?
I'm the wrong nigga to approach like that, holmes
Wrong nigga for threats, lone nigga wit' long chrome
And we can dance 'til one of us drop
You score points fallin' wit' good formation
I'm the wrong nigga for patience, wrong one at dunn
The very last nigga you should ever blast your gun
To the floor, actin' like you goin' to war
Now you fucked up, here come a real rocket launcher
Flame thrower, rule wit' a iron rod
That be the Ruger, y'all niggas keep tryin' hard
But who the loser when you can't walk your hood at night?
And you can't come outside without fear?
Am I in your thoughts often? While you be walkin'?
Foot soldier catch you at the store's corner
Keep me on your mind and don't slumber
Man, the minute you slip wit' those, that's your ass, your ass!
You might also like
Badman dem boy waan clown
Tell dem it's gun down before showdown
Well! Dem shoulda know when Scare Dem rockin' out
Big guns popping out, niggas get smoked out

Hi witnesses, keep your motherfuckin' mouth
You next will pronounced when these guns come out
Badman dem boy waan tote tell dem a Scare Dem and we ain't scout
Well! Dem and dem deh so behind, we tell dem, don't forget
Scare Dem, we a the best, not a shit we no take
How dem fi diss the intellect?
Ready fi murder? We intersect
Black Talon from right to left
Mobb Deep attack dem next
Before the sand of his death
Couldn't be Warlord dem disrespect

Well!
Dem step inna a deadly zone against the Killer on your own
Me shoot dem like a Al Capone with Guns of Navarone
Some try to reach around, and try to let me down
A quicker way to make dem drown
Dem step up in a deadly zone
Badman dem boy waan clown
Tell dem it's gun down before showdown
Well!
M-O-B-B, dunn, let's get it on, dunn, wit' Bounty Killer

Yo, it's like this, dunn
Aiyyo, cock that shit! Pop that shit!
Squeeze off, let 'em know how real this is
M-O-B-B, D-double-E-P wit' Bounty Killer
No other gun runners keep a round like this
From Q-U-double-E-N-S
My bomb borough, 'til the day of my death
Whether in shit I been in
Runnin' down the block, sprayin shots wit' the Lindon
Listen, we all been through ac-tion
You know the last me blastin' is the last man standin'
Pack shit longer than bare wake
Neither the Jakes nor the snakes gon' stop it
You know the Mobb lettin' off rockets
Gun burners spit like lungies, dummies
Still nuttin' pop but the shells
These ain't words from hell, these are slugs, somethin' you feel
A gun runner nigga for real, nigga!

Yo, hear my gat blow, make you spin out, crack the actual
That brand new 6 that you couldn't seem to whip
Empty the clip, make sure no friendly get hit
While you layin' bloodied up in the 6
Flee the front-line, dismantle gat and bounce
Then watch the twelve o'clock news and hear 'em shout you out
Plug leak, slip rug right from under your feet
We runnin' the streets, you don't want no problems wit' us
Everyday is like 4th of July to us
Henny in my cup beside the gat you'll find in my clutch
Interfere wit' the plan and you will get touched
Let the liquor talk for you and you will get touched
Full-fledged like Ra, let 'em Know The Ledge
While you slippin' off edge, your shorty's givin' me head
Cockin' 'em legs like guns when I'm cockin' to spray
Poppin' your way, sendin' shit that's hot your way
Well!
Step inna a deadly zone against the Killer on your own
Me shoot dem like a Al Capone with Guns of Navarone
Some try to reach around, and try to let me down
A quicker way to make dem drown
Dem step up in a deadly zone
Badman dem boy waan clown
Tell dem it's gun down before showdown