Michael Jackson brought you Thriller
It made all the gunman holla
Refugees with Bounty Killer
Mac 11 guard your grilla

Why dem gwan, watch out for Babylon, MC's babble on and on
I phenom, bomb like Ethiopians
Not Italians, Queen of Sheba, balance like a Libra
Rain like meteor storms, that change forms like the Pillars of Islam
Make the best rule, and --- the rest who
It takes one drop of purity to clean the cesspool, the next crew
Will be comprised of kings and queens wearing crowns and holdin scepters
Facing Mecca makin' records, raidin' bibliotecas
I sip nectars with the gods in the street apparel
Keep the path straight and narrow while we bombin' on Pharaoh
So Bounty Killer pour the sorrel let's make plans for tomorrow
Cause if a down a Sodom and Gommorah, Refugees we nah go so


Mi talk well if you vex, try and jump inna mi chest, you Mr. Punk
Well come and do your next best
Mi end you distress, mi lay you to rest!
Haskell 45 Fugees dem tek
We talk well if you vex, try and jump inna mi chest, you Mr. Punk Well come and do your next best
Mi end you distress, mi lay you to rest!
Rappers from the east and rappers from the west, well
You might also like
Yo, five years old I heard shots out the window
I thought that it was Zorro, driving in from Mexico
I asked my father Pablo who the hell is this Paco
He said it's Bounty Killer, he's driving from Montego

That's when shots start to echo from yah so and from deh so
Well that is the life of a --- from the ghetto
Moving 40 kilo, from here to Puerto Rico
Smoke my Magnifico, but I never do perico

Yo, this is a sound clash, you ain't fit for the job
You're ---, and you're making my --- hard
You wanna rap, here's presents, go wrap it in a box
You versus me that's like a mouse versus a ox
Wyclef, preacher's son, I sing a hymn the lights get dim
Reflection of the end, it's your face facing a coffin, oops!
Too abstract so you kill men with gats
Figments of your imagination, you never dealt with incarceration

Thought I heard you want to be my rival
Haskell 45, a it a mi idol
Them start war and no seek survival
Refugees we gonna treat them detrimental
Punks, fools
(Another sound boy dies, slow death, Refugee camp, Bounty Killer...)


Through the temples of doom, somehow we managed to bloom like blossoms
By any means necessary said Malcolm
Nights before battle we play dead like possums
Minimizing our losses like caution to the maximum
Strategies for the Refugees
How many mics do you rip? I said not too many
Yo, which man runs from my magnum?
Haitian shot a man
Them blame Jamaicans


Mi talk well if you vex, try and jump inna mi chest, you Mr. Punk
Well come and do your next best
Mi end you distress, mi lay you to rest!
Haskell 45 New York gwine tek
Mi talk well if you vex, try and jump inna mi chest, you Mr. Punk
Well come and do your next best
Mi end you distress, mi lay you to rest!
Haskell 45 California tek, well
(Well... well...)
Bounty Killer on the borderline
Refugee camp, Wyclef, L. Boogie, Prazwell