Life in L.A. is so insane
Everyday feels the same
Spent all my cash, I'm down to change
Its time to move away

Now I was havin chocolate cake and sevian
She said, I ain't no groupie don't get me wrong
But me and my girls wanna get it on
Then I just looked up like she said it wrong
I say bitch don't you know they call me Metatron?
Now I know what you thinkin you should let it go
Let alone, my body's made of metal bones
This played out in my mind a long time ago
She said okay um uh, oh but I got a pound of dro
In the hills we all take pills
We even have designer drugs like strawberry sniff
Strawberry coke? Said yes, I said chill
I don't touch white lines, not even parking my wheels
Bitch you plastic your girls is plastic
Ain't it hot out here? The sun don't melt yall asses?
The place you bought your nose, they showed you a book right?
But when you have a baby what the fuck it gon look like?
You might also likeMan, lemme go upstairs to my room

Life in L.A. is so insane
Everyday feels the same
Spent all my cash, I'm down to change
Its time to move away

Skateboard, I hear what you sayin man
Its kinda hard not to get caught up
Lotta fly shit to be bought up
And the ladies act crazy
Cause thats just the way they brought up
What they parents did, passes to the kid
And so on and so on
And shit, if they rich? then they really gone
I met this bad lil bitch up in Paris' house
Talkin right, like she bout to let a nigga wear it out
Smack her on the ass, talk shit, pull her hair out
I knew it wasn't real but shit, you think I care about that?
I was on her she was lower than Velona from Good Times
Mixed, I was workin tryna show her a good time
And thats when she asked me had I ever did the nasty
With a girl that had fake tits, hips, and a ass G
I was stone faced, nigga had a long face
All fucked up, like whats goin on face
I'm like for real are you tellin me the truth bitch?
She like hell yeah nigga, this that new shit
Life in L.A. is so insane
Everyday feels the same
Spent all my cash, I'm down to change