(Do you see what I see?)
Chester French beside me...
(Chester French beside me...)

Mom walked out the front door
Girl walked through the back
Dick fell to the floor
Then it touched the ceiling like a basong
Parents gone for the weekend
Lets start the freakin
Theres some girls with a little leakin
Let me be the plugger
Balls out and they callin me the louisville slugger
I'm a tall motherfucka height wise, length wise
Since my momma gone out, lemme inspect your thighs
I'm KFC, kardi fondel cat
Kardi fuck chickenheads, nigga fuck that
I'm a snob with the opposite sex, only hot chicks
Hockey in the boudoir, lemme do a hat trick
Hit that the first time out
BK's Kardinal still ready to rhyme out
Its tequila in the kitchen, lemme take a lime out
If you fallin in love, I'm ready to sign out
I'm out, peace, yeah sayonara
Gotta make another call, see a next chick tomorrow
Cause my moms comin back saturday after next
Thats 14 days of unsupervised sex
And a whole lotta drinkin and a whole lotta sin
So I say a prayer then I gotta let fun begin
Goin in, and only stop once you comin out
Not out the closet yo, comin out her mouth
The lower mouth, two lips in between hips
I'm a tall glass of water, who ready to take sips?
Shit nigga this what we do
Convict, Star Trak, Black J's who are you?
You might also likeNo parents

No moms, no dads, only children...
Ain't no parents allowed
Boobs out, penis out, butt naked...
Ain't no parents allowed

Yeah imma rock out, with my cock out
Me and Alf ridin the range, I'm gon hop out
Lets get familiar, La Familia
No parents allowed, you bring'em we'll kill ya
I lost weight, but I'm startin to get fat again
I like the hand guns, but better with the mac again
So New York like a taxi cab
I eat pizza gettin hunnies but it ain't arab
See, I'm so real and my shoulders move
I can't front I'm attracted to all the fake boobs
Fake ass ass, blonde ass hair
Left rap city, we freaks, we dont care
And see I get it on the monthly
N.O.R.E. I'm the black Al Bundy
I'm a hustler baby, you smell it through my lotion
I'm so ill sell water to the ocean
Half puerto rican like Vico C
And my t-shirt 3X, it say free P
My favorite weed is sour gizu
And I'm half hipster just like Orisu
Dude, is that guy dead?
Or is he just really drunk?
Maybe no parents around isn't such a good idea after all...

No moms, no dads, only children...
Ain't no parents allowed
Boobs out, penis out, butt naked...