Intro:
What you do when you gotta make paper?
Kill to make a mill then people hate 'cha
Run that game kid before you go like vapor
Get that loot, save that legal shit for later
Verse 1:
If money is the issue
I'm rippin you like tissue
Paper inspires the caper
Drape ya like curtains, hurtin in the individual
Cos life in America's about residual
Interest like my rhyme, Rolex says the time
Stack enough loot can legalise my crime
Like Don Corleone I'm on my way to Rome
Not to rock the microphone, to make a pick-up
Like April 15th I'm tellin y'all to stick up
Big up to my people, the hustlers in the field
It's about work, network cos it's time the nation build
On the lot, the government distributes drop
The mayor is on the corner so y'know we never stops
Like pretty women rollin on my tip
I'm more than a player, I take the coin and flip
My own destiny reads G and my grip slip
To the car dealership where friends
Do stacks full of Benz, co-sign for the Benz
Deep-dish rims is how I be spinnin
Is it a dream or a dream that we be livin?
You might also likeChorus:
Is it a dream or a dream that we be livin?
What you do, what you make, what you drive, how you livin????
Is it a dream or a dream that we be livin?
What you smoking, what you drink, why you sniffin???
Is it a dream or a dream that we be livin?
What you wear, who you wit, who honey you be hittin???
Is it a dream or a dream that we be livin?
Where you at, where you from, where's your gun, why you trippin????
Interlude:
(Get the flavor, get the loot....
Get the flavor, get the loot and let's beat, jet it)
*repeat*
Verse 2:
There's always talk about struggle whether you speak it or hustle
The bottom line is get in your piece of life's puzzle
Whether you livin raw right in spite
The first law of nature says you gotta survive another night
Cos I a rules your ways and your actions
Non self-satisfaction, look at Michael Jackson
Caught up in materialistic, you can't shatter
Cos your spirits trapped in a body which is matter
Or should your pockets be fatter
Cos cash rules or are you just a devil's fool
Used like a tool, taxes paid?
I heard a white boy call another white boy "Yeah nigga, yesterday!"
Cos they slaves to the same beast
Who wants Landcruisers, jeeps, guns, wars, MORE and MORE
I think it's a dream we're living thru deception
Cos '95 is in a reality, it's perception
Chorus
Verse 3:
The loot gets got, pick locks or whatever
I'm too clever to start, heads get severed
From the neck, hold ya cheque, repect nuttin but the green
Credit ain't shit without CREAM, I mean I dream
American dreams caught up in illusion
I gotta get mines, what's the reason for confusion?
Drug-abusin customers praise more ways than bein
A demon for the devil, I run hell with my team and....
What you do when you gotta make paper?
Kill to make a mill then people hate 'cha
Run that game kid before you go like vapor
Get that loot, save that legal shit for later
What you percieve you believe and that's deceivin
That's why they tell you half fake break and keep believin
Believ in self, self-God and you can't be stopped