Got this flight to London, I ain't pop no Xans for it
In case you was wonderin', I ain't even plan for it
I just left L.A., barely caught the plane
Fuckin' TSA, swear a nigga ran for it
Ain't used to this fame shit
This you-all-know-my-name-shit
Me, I'm just the same kid
That fucked around and made it
Fucked over my main chick
Damn, she was the main chick
Thinkin' 'bout the game
I shouldn't have played, but I played it

And now I'm missin' your love, I'ma roll up (Oh)
I'm faded once again, I don't know where I am
But I just know I'm driftin' far from you (Ooh)
I'm tryna keep my head strong, but my heart (Woah)
Won't just let me grow away from you
Don't you know we driftin' off, driftin' off?
I know you think that it's my fault we fallin' off
All this hope and disregard, driftin' off
I know you think there ain't no fault that far apart
Ooh, and now I'm missin' your love
(You know, I mean, yeah)
See G-Eazy LiveGet tickets as low as $64You might also like
Uh, I blame it on the distance
Why I'm fuckin' with these bitches
These numbers in my phone
A text pops up, she's like, "Who is this?"
You probably got a mistress
Probably every week it switches
Now is this cause for concern?
And should I be suspicious?
I'm overseas trippin', a million miles away
And she's still in L.A., my mom's out in the Bay
And these overseas minutes add up, that's a lot to pay
I can pay it, yeah I know, but it's the excuse I say
She's been tryna track me down
I feel like I'm cattin' now
Dodgin' her when she's the one
I'm out here trippin', actin' wild
Start to wonder if I've changed
I'm like how could that be now?
Would these bitches be here really if I wasn't rappin' now? (Oh!)
Now tell me now

I'm faded once again (Yeah), I don't know where I am
But I just know I'm driftin' far from you (Ooh)
I'm tryna keep my head strong, but my heart (Woah)
Won't just let me grow away from you
Don't you know we driftin' off, driftin' off?
I know you think that it's my fault we fallin' off
All this hope and disregard (Yeah), driftin' off
I know you think there ain't no fault that far apart
Ooh, and now I'm missin' your love (Ooh)
(You tell me, uh, yeah)
Uh, I'm just so conflicted
It's been so long since we've kicked it
And I can't lie, I've missed it
But somewhere the current shifted
And now I'm somewhere else
Far away, feel like we drifted
Hard to face the facts
I'm drinkin' to escape 'em, then get lifted
Get swept under the rug 'til I'm trippin' on the pile
Did it change somethin' different for a while?
Yeah, we grew apart with time
We ain't kicked it in a while
But I still think about you now
Without you, see there's differences now
But shit happens, how could we have known?
Nothin' can prepare us
From sleepin' at your parents, now to sold-out shows in Paris
To parties at my hotels, ashin' blunts up off my terrace
Tell me, how'd we ever come to live this careless? (Oh!)
Tell me now

I'm faded once again, I don't know where I am (Ooh)
But I just know I'm driftin' (Driftin') far from you (Ooh, yeah)
I'm tryna keep my head strong, but my heart (Woah)
Won't just let me grow away from you (Ha)
Don't you know we driftin' off, driftin' off? (Ooh)
I know you think that it's my fault we fallin' off
All this hope and disregard, driftin' off
I know you think there ain't no fault that far apart
Ooh, and now I'm missin' your love