Yeah...
I feel the rain comin' down on me niggas, heh...
When the sun gon' shine?
My Lord, somebody help us all, heh heh

I think the regin is (You know) comin' back (Wooo!)
I think the reign (Hahahahahahaha) is comin' back
(Ja Rule, baby!)
I think the regin is comin' back
(Last Temptation, time to kill these niggas)
I think the reign is comin' (Yeah) back (Yeah)

Dear Lord, can you, feel (I think the reign is) my pain?
If you can't, it's alright, 'cause I'ma live my life anyway
Just let, it, rain - on me
I feel, so free like a, cool breeze
And when the sun, gon', shine
Fold up the mini-blinds, load up the lucky 9
Hit 'em up from behind
That's, my, life - and it'll never be the same
Ever again, the game is to blame
Don't get caught up in your Range Rover, pullin' over
On the Westside highway shoulder, nigga I'll blow ya
Like a windshield, leave yo' mind on the windshield
And have yo' whip doin' windmills, that's what rain feels like
When it's hittin' a little harder than drizzle (Woo)
And pickles flyin' out pistols, got niggas cryin' they Christians and
I can't believe shit has come to this
It's unheard of, now it's gonna reign down murda
See Ja Rule LiveGet tickets as low as $180You might also like
I think the reign is comin' back (Murda)
I think the reign is comin' back (Murda)
I think the reign is comin' back (Murda)
I think the reign is comin' back (Yo, yo)

God only breathes with (I think the reign is) the best of them
Bury the rest of them
A storm is comin', I got a hundred mile runnin' head start on these niggas 'cause it's murda for life
Drugs, bitches and money be my only vice
But I'm livin' life in the fast lane
Doin' the damn thang
In the Ferrari hard top watchin' Hard Rain
It's a damn shame, no more games, no more love, baby boy I throw back slugs
Through your Green Bay throwback, I hits that up and let you know where the reign is from
You ever heard of mixin' whiskey with Jamaican rum? You get Biggie
Mix gin with a little cocaine, you got me
And my style is a little too savage to not be
Be looked upon as one of the illest to MC
Y'all niggas want it with me? That shit's unheard of, 'cause niggas, now it's gonna reign down murda

I think the reign is comin' back (Murda)
I think the reign is comin' back (Murda)
I think the reign is comin' back (Murda Inc. shit) (Murda)
I think the reign is (Rule baby) comin' back
Nobody loves me (I think the reign is)
Sometimes I wish the good Lord would come down and hug me
I take a look at my life, it's gettin' ugly
And now I know that you all wanna slug me, I can get above it, it's my life and I thug it
Even though I live it close to the edge
I'm gettin' closer to death, with eve-rrry little step that I take
In the awake of my last days
I hope the sun shines with a light rain
That would mean the world shared my pain
And now the world could be happy again, smile
'Cause if I ever walk The Green Mile
You can look at me and blame it on my lifestyle
What can I say? I was raised as an only child
Lonely, poppa disowned me, so the streets raised me
To call me crazy is not unheard of
Now it's gonna reign down murda

I think the reign is comin' back (Murda)
I think the reign is comin' back (Murda)
I think the reign is comin' back (Murda)
I think the reign is comin' back (Murda)
I think the reign is comin' back (Murda)