They can't keep a good man down (Yeah)
Always keep a smile (Yeah) when they want me to frown (Yeah) (Let's get into sumthin')
Keep the vibes and (Y'all know how we do it in here) (Get into sumthin' real quick Buck) they stood my grounds (Yeah)
They will never ever take (Yeah) my crown (IT'S MURDAAAAA!)
Who Ja' Bless I say no man curse (Yeah)
Things gettin' better when they thought it would be worse
Here comes the officer askin for a search
They found no weapon, just only a draw first

I know y'all niggas is second guessin' the state I'm in
Bitch, I'm into makin' hit records that spin like rims
So when Flex get it, he bomb it once, shit bomb it twice
New York city park your cars, turn off ya lights
And flick to your hazards, 'cause when Rule spit to the masses
I got your attention like J.Lo's ass


I know y'all niggas is second guessin' the state I'm in
Bitch, I'm into makin' hit records that spin like rims
So when Flex get it, he bomb it once, shit bomb it twice
New York city park your cars, turn off your lights
And flick to your hazards, 'cause when Rule spit to the masses
I got your attention like J.Lo's ass
And if it's pussy we talkin' I come to smash 'em
Personal foul like Kobe, when I sexual harass 'em
'Cause bitches want you beat it with passion
Niggas want to you to clip up and clap 'em
Hide the body like nothin' happened
Niggas need to get they money and stick to rappin'
Or end up like one of the Jackson's, beware of your actions
'Cause you don't wanna meet that Desert E's
With that hair pin trigger so easy to squeeze (it's so easy nigga)
And no matter how you cut me I'm always cheese
Like Black said, "it's a hundred and eighty-seven degrees"
Muthafucka!!!
See Ja Rule LiveGet tickets as low as $180You might also like
They can't keep a good man down (Yeah)
Always keep a smile when they want me to frown (Uh huh)
Keep the vibes and they stood my grounds (Come on)
They will (Come on) never ever take (Come on) my crown
Who Ja' Bless I say no man curse (Yeah)
Things gettin' better when they thought it would be worse
Here comes the officer askin for a search
They found no weapon, just only a draw first

You know they can't keep a real nigga down, NO!
Nowadays niggas can even wash up it's federal
And they put snitches up on the pedestal, glorify
How they put niggas in jail for life, ain't no blood in they eye
But who, Ja bless 'em with tha sizzla touch
Thing's gettin' better when they thought it would get worse
I bomb first, and breath the heat, knowin' to hell I send 'em
And I ain't talkin' devils and demons
Just be happy ya breathin'
The Calico give the hiccuppin' and sneezin'
Leavin' every soul cold, if bodies more than a day old
Drive it down wit yayo and dump it, like fuck it
Niggas addicted to hustle, no one can ever be trusted
Who told the feds to come rush in
Why you fishin' for dark, lookin' for sharks in the ocean
The wise, coast to coast man
Just look around Rule will never back down
And y'all can never ever take my crown (Niggas)
Yeah, Yeah, That's what the fuck I'm sayin..
Talk to 'em baby
Tell theses niggas, what these niggas know?
You know niggas, no man touch this muthfucka right here
(Ya hear me?)
Niggas going to early graves fuckin' with me, B

Murder Inc. (shit) Holla
Murder Inc... yeah Murder Inc..
It's Murder Inc... we do this shit, we do this thang'
This thang we call drugs nigga
In the booth... lyrically
I gets the job done you know me baby