That's the shit
Twiztid (Yeah!), Twiztid givin' them wigsplits
(Yeah, get this motherfucking dick!)
Wigsplits, wigsplits (Yeah!)
Twiztid's givin' wigsplits

We cracked yo head in half, and wasn't shit funny but we laughed
Twiztid runnin' this bitch for nine dash
A car crash is no equivalent, we far from innocent
Crossing the valley and we is ignorant
Actin' belligerent on the daily, hopin' that somebody will save me
But I guess I'm dead wrong, all by myself
Fuck everyone else, I'm in a hole
And I can't breath, my lungs swole
Bad dreams when I'm sleepin', everybody constantly creepin'
Feeling so weak, and I can't see them
My conscience keeps leavin' me fallin' in and out
Wakin' up in puddles of sweat and cottonmouth
Them down south niggas don't know about this
And niggas on the west side way too pissed
Because these east side niggas talkin' hardcore shit
Enough to get the northside hit, we the shit!
Well, we legit like a motherfucker, chillin' with million dollar peoples
Diggin' up graves and actin' evil
You lookin' for the sequel, more like something close to equal?
You're wack as Tony Bosico and bitches in Toledo, what?
You might also like
Die! Die! Die, motherfucker! Die, motherfucker, die!
Die! Die! Die, motherfucker! Die, motherfucker, die!
Die! Die! Die, motherfucker! Die, motherfucker, die!
Die! Die! Die, motherfucker! Die, motherfucker, die!

I smoke too many cigarettes and get high too much
Don't work enough, shit is too rough
I could give a fuck less if the whole world blow up
Or what gang signs niggas throw up
I'm too fed up to keep my head up, so I let it drag
Can't afford a belt, so my pants sag
Everybody seems to be a fag or a lesbian
But what the fuck happened is what I'm questionin'
The president is prejudice against you and me
Then he takin' half our money, and he chillin' tax free
And if you ask me, that's another smack in the face
We need to burn the white house and piss in his face
And every judge should do a minimum of twenty to life
If they can dish it, they can take it, tell me that ain't right
And every cop should be beat like Rodney King
Nonstop from the summer 'til it turn to spring
Shove a doughnut in they mouth and a badge in they ass
Because the pigs don't get no class, they get they wig split
Die! Die! Die, motherfucker! Die, motherfucker, die!
Die! Die! Die, motherfucker! Die, motherfucker, die!
Die! Die! Die, motherfucker! Die, motherfucker, die!
Die! Die! Die, motherfucker! Die, motherfucker, die!

I like disturbing the peace, fuck you, I hope you die
In a casket where I lie, embalm my body so I won't attract flies
In my eyes a look of terror cold as ice
So what if I slit my wrist once or twice?

Now I could split your wig with my aluminum bat
Or I could blow your eardrums with my braindead rap
And you can call it this or that, but I sway to the other
Word the Monoxide Child, my brother
No other represent this, effervescent
Knowledge-full Twiztid education I got the lesson
Bloody textbook, kill the next mother fucker that look
Always shaking, never shook, yeah
Get your wig split, bitch, and we out
Get your wig split, bitch, and we out
Get your wig split, bitch, and we out
Tell these motherfuckers what we talkin' about!
Die! Die! Die, motherfucker! Die, motherfucker, die!
Die! Die! Die, motherfucker! Die, motherfucker, die!
Die! Die! Die, motherfucker! Die, motherfucker, die!
Die! Die! Die, motherfucker! Die, motherfucker, die!

(Die! Die!) Motherfucker! Yeah! Die!
Motherfucker! Yeah! Die! (What you got?)
(Die! Die!) Motherfucker! Yeah! Die!
Motherfucker! Yeah! Die! (What you got?)
(Die! Die!) Motherfuckers! Die, motherfucker!