So what's up, man? This shit ain't goin' down
Trust me, trust me. I know her, man
It's gonna go down. Just be cool, be cool
She ain't talkin' about shit
Trust me
Alright, look, then I'm gonna go in there
And I'm just gonna start freaking that bitch down 
She ain't gonna say shit, watch
*Door open*
Damn, Tina, you look mighty comfortable layin' there naked
You mind if I go ahead and pull my dick out?
Oh, no, hell no
You like that?
I, I like to get my face fucked, that really gets me going
And I like when he does what he's doing to me right now
Stroking my pussy really lightly (You like that, don't you?)
Damn, it's all types of pussy rubbin' and shit?
What the fuck I'm 'possed to do?
Fuck my face
Man, man, come on, man 
Watch out. This is my hookup. This is my hookup, man
Let me, man 
Get your ass out the way, this is my shit
Man, let me hit that shit first
Shut up
What I need is, uh, his cock in my ass
*Sex noises*
You might also like
Let's get high and just fuck, I hit ya till ya bleed
And we can just blame it on the weed, little freak
Sucking me off makin' my knees weak
Rubbi'n my nuts when I cum makin' my voice tweak
She makes me feel like a champion
Late night when I call, she knows what's happenin'
I got a box of condoms and a mind full of tricks
A freak just for fuckin' and my balls and my dick
Get it started, legs parted, I hit it so hard the pussy farted
And now it's time to depart it
She took the rubber off and then she shoved it in her mouth
It felt like I came from down south, know about it
Pussy pleasin's just a part of the game
Ya gotta bang it 'til it falls right off, I do the same
Rub my dick in cocaine and freak some nasty shit
It ain't the same without the pain, bring the flavor bit
Two or one's not a problem, so you can bring your girl
And I can get the best of both worlds
Fuck it 'til I 'url, toes fell off, fuck a curl
She kept nibblin' my nuts like a squirrel
I hit the weed and flick the ash on her back
Fuckin' her friend in the face until her jaw snap
Oh shit! I can see her suckin' on her tits
And I can't help but notice four fingers in her clit
She's a pro, I thought I saw her pussy glow
It coulda been the sweat in my eyes, I don't know
For sure this freak's the shit, for lovin' dick is sick
But man I love that fat bitch
She ain't afraid to admit she likes dick
And she ain't afraid to admit she likes her pussy licked
She ain't afraid to let me fuck her in the ass
And always got her mouth open for the cum splash
She ain't afraid to admit she likes dick
And she ain't afraid to admit she likes her pussy licked
She ain't afraid to let me fuck her in the ass
And always got her mouth open for the cum splash

Excuse me lady did ya say ya like to fuck?
Drop my drawers to my ankles, give my dick a suck
You like it rough, I can feel my shit swellin' and expandin'
A one-way trip down south, a crash landin'
Right in your pink fun, I get the job done
Daddy was a pistol and I'm a son-of-a-gun
As I shoot my load on your chest and titties
Gotta get my shit, (Aw, fuck, man) we off to the next city
Go a long way just so I can grind ya, got enough dick
For Miss McCarthy and the fifty single hoes behind her
A sidewinder, never like the old timer
Keepin' hoes properly worked like Jane Fonda
My anaconda's got a mushroom cap
And an immense cravin' for your pussy cat
Keep it movin' like that, my dick is hard as steel
And I'ma freak that ass with some more sex appeal
Tell me how it feel when I push it all in
Eyes roll in the back of ya head and ya start to grin
If sex was sin then a wicked bitch you'd be
With creepy ass titties and a eerie ass pussy
So ride my broomstick until ya hear me cum
And school me on the methods of ya pink fun, yeah
She ain't afraid to admit she likes dick
And she ain't afraid to admit she likes her pussy licked
She ain't afraid to let me fuck her in the ass
And always got her mouth open for the cum splash
She ain't afraid to admit she likes dick
And she ain't afraid to admit she likes her pussy licked
She ain't afraid to let me fuck her in the ass
And always got her mouth open for the cum splash

Yeah! Know what I'm sayin?
Yo, this be the Shaggy, down with the Psychopathic Family
Down with Twiztid, G, know what I'm sayin'?
And yo, check it out, I don't give a fuck
I like to get skins, I don't know about you motherfuckers
But yo, I like 'em big, I don't give a fuck, what
I like em skinny, bald, retarded
Crippled, spines on the back, I don't give no fucks
Eight hundred pound bitch come here, sweetie
I'ma fuckin' tie ya shit in a knot and tap that shit
Ya know what I'm sayin'? 'Cause I love me some skins
I ain't goin' the other route, ya know what I'm sayin'?
I'll eat a fuckin' nine hundred pound bitch's neden from the back
Ya know what I'm sayin'?
I'll wrap her legs backwards into a Boston crab and go to work
Ya know what I'm sayin'? Fuck that shit
I ain't no fuckin' fag like that, I like 'em stubbly
So those whiskers tickle my balls when they suck my dick
Ya know what I'm sayin'? I don't give a fuck
What? Bring it on!

She ain't afraid to admit she likes dick
And she ain't afraid to admit she likes her pussy licked
She ain't afraid to let me fuck her in the ass
And always got her mouth open for the cum splash
She ain't afraid to admit she likes dick
And she ain't afraid to admit she likes her pussy licked
She ain't afraid to let me fuck her in the ass
And always got her mouth open for the cum splash
She ain't afraid to admit she likes dick
And she ain't afraid to admit she likes her pussy licked
She ain't afraid to let me fuck her in the ass