Blank, baby, you should stop doing what you doing...
I've been watching the news lately and ya'll fucking up...
Blank, baby, you should stop doing what you doing...
I've been watching the news lately and ya'll fucking up...
Blank, baby, you should stop doing what you doing...
I've been watching the news lately and ya'll fucking up...
Baby, ya'll are fucking up, what happened anyway?

The shit started out kinda crazy
Trick tried to follow but he didn't know I knew he was behind me
So I let him think he was tricking me
And blow his muthafuckin head off, when he try to stick a dick to me
Took a left turn on Selinsky
Maybe I kill his bitch ass in back of Frost Elementary
But I kept going till I hit the dead end
Try to figure out a spot I can put his fucking body in
Turned the music off, couldn't hear a sound
Put the car park and rolled my windows down
Firedup a square to get movy
Got the car phone, beeped Nip and put the clip in my Uzi
Bitch run into the back of my shit
And every bullet shot felt just like I was getting hit
(Was you scared?) Hell no, but I was nervous
Plus mad as fuck cause I just got my car outta service
Now's the time for the Blank to show these fools (show them fools)
Going strictly by the rules of the old school
He must of knew he was fucking with a youngsta
But what he didn't know, this youngsta finna take his ass under
So I laid in the car like I was hurtin'
He put his pistol to my head, oh man, this shit ain't working
But before he could unload his clip
Boom, boom, boom, why the fuck you thought I beeped Nip?
You might also like
I hate the whole fucking world so the world better hate me...
"Nigga, I hate you..."
"Fuck you...Nigga!"
I hate the whole fucking world so the world better hate me...
"Nigga, I hate you..."
"Fuck you...Nigga!"

A Wreckless Klan, me say Wreckless Klan, South Park Coalition is a
Wreckless Klan
A Wreckless Klan, me say Wreckless Klan, South Park Coalition is a
Wreckless Klan

Got my ass out the car, sweat dripping
Another murder case just took place, now I got Nip tripping
Asking me what the fuck was going down
But I was still putting holes in the body on the ground
Now, you really think I felt for that shit?
(What's ya name, nigga?) Say that, you know my name, bitch
Took a step back so I can peep the situation
Grabbed my shit, got in the car to complete the assassination
On my way to the spot I got scoped
And I ain't got all my senses cause now I'm full of dope
But I can't blame my mind while I creeped
Cause I ain't been to be the nigga that get put to sleep
So I put the silencer on the 9 double-M
'E' came outta nowhere screaming:
(Blank, don't shoot it! That's the wrong nigga in the truck!)
I had an expression on my face like you really think I give a fuck
Shot him six times in a neck
Should've shot him in the head but that's what they expect me to do
Damn fool, I'ma get atcha (Got cha)