Hahaha, aye
Hey yo Cube, man
Yo' man what's up?
Hey yo Cube, check this out
Yo, motherfuckers be on the dick and shit, right?
Yo, yo
Check this out, you know what I tell 'em, man?
Kick that shit

Well two peas in a bucket
Mother motherfuck it
You either Flavor Flavin'
Or you Chuck Chuck Chuckin'
Kiss my ass and suck the D.I.C-
K, stands for kill so don't fuck with me
I fucked that lady in the bed
I missed that pussy and I bust the spread
I tried it again in a thumping wagon
The bottom fell out and her ass started draggin'
Tried it again in a field of grass
I missed that pussy and I bust my ass
Then I fucked this lady in a dream
The baby came out and said "Run-DMC"
See Ice Cube LiveGet tickets as low as $39You might also like
Yeah, and you don't stop
Flavor Flav in the house, and you don't stop
Ice Cubes in the house, and you don't-
Uh, boy! , aye, yo, rock that shit G! rock that shit G!

I knew this girl who looked just like you
Light brown and a fly hair-do
I want to do her, screw her
So I stepped to her onkey
Bitch, had more ass than a donkey
I said you're the type of girl that I can't pass over
Give me one chance and I'll bend your ass over
Just call me the plumber at the end of the night
Cause a nigga like me will lay plenty of pipe
She didn't get offended, it was splendid to me
Cause mister nice guy is what I pretended to be
I guess I'll just wine her and dine her
And by the end of the night I'll be behind her
Waxing that ass like Raindance
On the bumper get the pussy then I dump her
Took her to the Comfort Inn, tucked her in
Pulled out the third leg pumped it in
She said 'Will you call me?'
Yeah, I'll call you a "bitch" or a "ho" after I ball you
Nawl I'm just playin' but it's still the same
Cause a nigga like Ice Cube is only out for one thang
Yeah, what's poppin g? what you out for G?
Yo, I'm only out for one thing
You out for what, man?
Yo, I'm out for the pussy, the money, and the mic, and I'm straight
What are we ou- wha- wha- we ou-
I pledge allegiance to the uh... to the fuckin', all of that shit
Know what I'm saying?
Five thousand!
Five thousand, G
We out
Yo, we out of here, five thousand, G
Yo, this is for my boy Ice Cube, you know what I'm saying