Yeah
Parlayin', y'know?
Check it out

Now, let me take you way back to yester-year, 'cause it's best to hear
Goldy and Banks was tore up
But now we guest-appear with my homie T-double
Now we trouble and down with $hort
Always wanted to fold a Benz and a 'lex to sport
But on the way to the top, they threw a wrench in the game
'Cause niggas snitching my name and punk bitches be lame
So I bags up, pins my ears to the street
And finds out niggas and hoes don't want Banks having nothing to eat

Shiiit, I feel ya Banks
When they smile in ya face and shake your hand
And wonder when they see ya, why you ain't' saying, "what's up man?"
Cause I be like strikin' trying to get where I gotta be
Goldy got love why a busta want to be hot at me?
Buster-ass'n brown-nosing Douglas
You say you hate it but you really love it when I spits it to the public
I rides through the East Side thumpin young tee-ramps
Cause we champs watch the cars sway as we parlay
You might also like
I've got work
24/7 hours in a day
I've got work
C'mon dub, gettin' in vibe
I need to work
And I won't let others joking me

I can't take the heat so I'm stepping out the kitchen
'Cause these niggas keep snitchin' and these hoes keep bitchin'
Like crabs in a bucket trying to hold me back
But I told you that, ain't no stopping 'til I'm rolling phat

I think it's too late cause they're all in my koolaide
Talking about if you paid who you faded you running up smiling acting new-made
You want the truth? I'll tell you "What's up, Doc"
I don't cuts up rock, I bust nuts up cock, biiitch!

The Oak Town is burned up
I'm tired of watching the next body turn up
Fools is broke and trying to earn up
But now it's real that I'm the one that jackers looking towards 'cause I get paid
For the beat, bass, raps and the chords
So now they want put a hole in me and beat me down
They didn't give a fuck when I was hurting, get me now!
I'll be damned if I lose my ghetto pass
Fuck driving through the Town with the pedal smashed
I ride in the north and the west side but live in the middle-east
I makes mail takes hoes to hotels for a little peace
I like to kick it, I'm a kid at heart where did it start
Where you can't ride and side without being called a "mark"?
So why can't I ride my old-school
With the silver beam and the shift-kit?
So me and him can get lit?
I wanna be at a light and ask a fool "you wanted one?"
When the light turns green I hit first, second, third and gun 'em
I like to hit the intersection doing doe-nuts
'Til my tires go out hittin' corners
But fuck an old-school why can't I drive a Lexus or a Mercedes?
Hoes wouldn't jock if they were ladies
You're putting too much on the life of luxury
Now I gotta go under like the thugs and Gs
Why can't we kick it our way with jewels, houses, cars, broads, homies and Parlay?

I've got to work
And I'm busy on my job
I can't hear you
You've taken a piece of my heart
I've got to work (I've got to work)
Love make part of my job (And that's it)
Get up (Gotta get up, gotta get up)
Get up (Gotta get up, gotta get up)
This is nineteen nine four because I got none for one hoe
And partner what you want to show yo gun fo?
I gots to vest-up and ride with a thang
'Cause if they catch me in the crossfire fools is catching blood stains
You think you got a stripe for knocking one of my old broads
Laying up pillow-talking about me? I gotta phone call
Heard you started player-hating the Dangerous Crew:
Said we ain't shit, we all broke and the thangs you knew...
Take something off, fool! You acting like we G'd yo momma
You don't know me. Get to know me Don't proceed with drama

Bitches be talking like parrots 14 karats of Goldy
You never saw me, you never know me 'cause you only blow me
Put your head in my lap I got you dead in my trap
'Cause you ain't feeling what I'm feelin' and what I said in my rap
I want to saddle up and get behind that ass you got
Say "Good Day" and blast off like an astronaut
And let you gossip while I sip Hendu, Cahlua and Bailey's Cream
And wonder why you say these things
Gary Payton got jacked for his 'lex, man
He earned that. Let him sport it like the next man
They didn't want to see us come from rags to riches
They got jealous and turned straight fags and snitches

We got love for the Town that we came from
Got our game from but we can't beat the same drum
So if you don't see us riding like we used to ride
Don't trip because we ain't local, now we nationwide
We just want to live a player lifestyle
With new hoes, a new houses, fuck a wife now
We still kicks it in the town, the hard way