Once again I was chillin' in the house, on the late night
Flippin' through my book tryna see what it look like
'Cause I was feeling kinda freaky y'all, but I couldn't think of one big freak to call
So I said "fuck it" I'll just call 'em all
Get drunk as a skunk and I'ma have a ball
I know all my hoes will be ready to fight
For all the fun I'll be having for the rest of the night
But I ain't tripping, I'ma do this
I'm callin' all the gold diggin' bitches hood rats to the coolest
Just to have a little extra skeezin'
And a whole different flavor of bitches for the evenin'
So first I'ma call up Tracy, bitch with some lips that'll drive me crazy
Then I'll call Tonya, Trina, and Penny
My skinny little broads with some big ass titties
Groupie ass Candy, sweet 
To keep a nigga dick smooth only 
And get all the baddest bitches I can get
'Til I fill my whole house up with this muthafuckin'...

House full of hoooes (Ha, well you know...)
A house full of hoooes (Bitches just love Ant Banks, you know)
I got a house full of hoooes (*laughs* Yeah well you know...)
A house full of hoooes (Big dick gangstas in the house, yo)
You might also like
All the hoes are here, and the party is packed
Now I'm thinking "Oh shit, all my bitches are back!"
Ready to swang that thang all in my face
Lookin' good than a muthafucka dressed in lace
So I said "Mirror mirror, on the wall
Bring me the baddest bitch of them all"
And then came Stacy, the girl was thick
And she was all night jockin' tryna get this dick
So I had to serve it, you know that's right
With her coochie muscles workin', feelin' so damn tight
And all the hoes was watchin', gettin' kinda horny
Runnin' in the room, so bring on the orgy
And they was freakin' y'all, just for me
The muthafuckin' A to the N to the T
Just screamin' "Ant Banks, we love you!"
And I was screamin' "Bitch, I love me too!"

House full of hoooes (*laughs* Yeah, well you know...)
A house full of hoooes (Damn, the hoes just love Ant Banks)
I got a house full of hoooes (*laughs* Yeah, well you know...)
A house full of hoooes (Well shit uh... fuck it, break it down)

All you hoes knowwwwww
That it's time for you to suck the diiiiiiick
I was runnin' through freak after freak and my dick was shot
I had the jimmy on tight but it was bout to pop
'Cause these hoes was dry and it was time to stop
And I was already tired from the pussy I got
So what's next with the house full of hoes?
Pussy all gone, so the story goes
We rollin' shit  Swishas, we got a house full of bitches
I fuck a bitch in the kitchen, you fuck a bitch in the den
Yeah, now you got the hoes lickin' on yo toes
But I'ma fuck 'em in the mouth, and put they ass out
'Cause there ain't nothin' goin' on but some serious screwin'
Now Pee Wee, back up on the mic and tell them what we be doin'
We rollin' shit  Swishas, we got a house full of bitches
I fuck a bitch in the kitchen, you fuck a bitch in the den (echoes)

House full of hoooes
A house full of hoooes
I got a house full of hoooes
A house full of hoooes