I don't give a fuck about a nigga tryna stunt on my gangsta
My momma told me never ever ever ever ever talk to strangers
I swear that I'm losing my mind, I'm growing impatient
Ever since I seen my nigga get killed for a lame bitch
Slow it down, slow it down
I think you need to slow it down
Bullets like a track meet
A hundred yards, they gon' run you down
I swear to God, a nigga ain't riding, I'ma kick him out the backseat
Leave him at the bus stop, don't need a nigga that's flexing

I don't give a fuck about a nigga tryna stunt on my gangsta
My momma told me never ever ever ever ever talk to strangers
I swear that I'm losing my mind, I'm growing impatient
Ever since I seen my nigga get killed for a lame bitch
I-I-I-I don't want to bury none of my niggas
I'm sick of all these eulogies
His momma cried in a nigga eyes
I-I-I ain't even make it at the funeral
I wish I was there with you
 was there with me
They wouldn't dare hit you
They would be scared of me
When I got shot, you had a Glock and beer with me
You wanted to run and kill, I told you to bear with me
I wish you was here with me...
Nah, I wish I was there with you
Sipping on Malibus, bumping that 2Pac
Married to streets, she took all my niggas
But you still know I will marry you
Give me your ring finger, I'll show you I mean it
As soon as the Feds come, I know that you leaving
But I'm a man now so let's break even
The streets my main love but I don't need her
Nah
You might also like

Homie watching movies but you know a nigga soft like clay
Since you watching so much movies, I'ma have to kick a nigga out just like Tre
NWA got a nigga screaming "Fuck the police!" like Ice Cube and Dre
Boy I'm on a Taliban mission, I swear a nigga come my way
Ooh!
Shots from the 40 went through!
I told you I ain't fucking with you!
It's gon' be a hell of a ride
Stop fronting if you know what I do!
Nigga, fuck you!
Did you see a nigga new chain?!
Hopping out that new !
You could fuck my new bitch!
Here go the keys to the whip, nigga that new Coupe!
When I pull up, make a nigga say "Ooh!"
Did you see the nigga shoes?
Did you see the nigga top go back?
I think his car got a pool!
I'm not gon' be rude!
Heard the nigga like to shoot!
I just want a autograph, me and my kids
Please not must get this confused
Nah