Yeah! I'll buss 'em, and you punish 'em
Uh! Yeah!

Lemme buss 'em (Nah! I'ma punish 'em)
Ra! Lemme buss 'em! (Nah! I'ma punish 'em)
Nah! Lemme buss 'em (Nah! I'ma punish 'em)
C'mon, Ra! Lemme buss 'em (Yo, 'Bis, you can punish 'em)

Yo! Yo! Now on some battlin' shit, my verbal lateral grip
Keeps my tongue glued to the ADAT when I'm trackin' my shit
Let my spit lubricate the chap on my lips
And make you rappers have fits 'cause I'm back in the mix
Fuck a pad and a pen, write rhymes on a IBM
Ebonics is dead, the binary language is in
Canibus practices in a room with a thousand candles lit
Meditatin' on this rap shit
Because my freestyle reigns sovereign
With a deeper conscience than the prophet Muhammad was born with
My brain cavity is enormous
My left hemisphere alone harnesses all of the seven chakras
While the right one harnesses darkness
The type of dark that makes a house haunted
The type of dark that niggas get lost in
The type of dark you fear when you dead in the coffin
I hear you talkin', but I ignore it
'Cause it's garbage and your rhyme's borin'
So keep standin' on the corner, the trash man'll collect you in the morning
Thug cats frontin', wacker than Blinky Blink
On the back of the Raptor Wagon babblin' about nothin'
Fuck that! Real Rugrats can get it on, black!
Meet me at The Tunnel where pussy niggas get mugged at!
So dark, you'll never see the blood splat
And you can't even react 'cause the trunk is where you keep your guns at
Now you on speed 'cause you too scared to come back
You can't even breathe, the weed suffocates your lung sacs
Fake MC's haul ass like they runnin' track
Wherever Canibus or Rakim is at!
You might also like
Lemme buss 'em (Nah! I'ma punish 'em)
Nah! Lemme buss 'em (Nah! I'ma punish 'em)
Ra! Lemme buss 'em (Nah! I'ma punish 'em)
Nah! Lemme buss 'em (Nah! I'ma punish 'em)
Nah! Lemme buss 'em (Nah! I'ma punish 'em)
Ra! Lemme buss 'em (Nah! I'ma punish 'em)
Nah! Lemme buss 'em (Nah! I'ma punish 'em)
C'mon, Ra! Lemme buss 'em (Yo, 'Bis, lemme punish 'em)

Be ready and at your best, the Celebrity Match of Death
Heart snatched through your chest, cardiac arrest
Crack your neck while I break your arms, catch your breath
Then I ask the ref, "How many cats is left?"
One-on-one, who challengin'? Come get did
All I have is a pen and punishin' kids
Abdomen punctured in, look what I done to his wig
Wanna live? Then I stab 'em in the lung with his rib
Every word I say detach a vertebrae from your spine
Rematch wherever we meet at, any place, any time
Get your snot-box smashed with a nine, smacked with a rhyme
Push your forehead to the back of your mind
Try to explain what it's like seein' your brain
You insane, who's gonna ID the remains?
And then I reincarnate 'em, and kill 'em again
Again and again, again and again, c'mon
Lemme buss 'em (Nah! I'ma punish 'em)
Nah! Lemme buss 'em (Nah! I'ma punish 'em)
Ra! Lemme buss 'em (Nah! I'ma punish 'em)
Nah! Lemme buss 'em (Nah! I'ma punish 'em)
Nah! Lemme buss 'em (Nah! I'ma punish 'em)
Ra! Lemme buss 'em (Nah! I'ma punish 'em)
Nah! Lemme buss 'em (Nah! I'ma punish 'em)
C'mon, Ra! Lemme buss 'em (Yo, 'Bis, lemme punish 'em)

Yo! Yo! Yo! he started the battle with a grapple
The nigga had long hair
So I grabbed a handful and chopped him in the Adam's apple
His partner in back of you tried to attack you
So I'mma twist 'em up like a pretzel then I'mma tag you
I'm on some Stone Cold shit, warn your whole clique
Cartilage get torn until the whole bone split
Who wanna spit? Bang 'em quick, strangle 'em wit' his lip
Try to flip, leave his body danglin' by his hip
Ra, you left him danglin', I can't believe he tryna grapple again
I swing him around like I'm dancin' with him
Put his arms in back of his head and snap him again
Fractured his limbs and put him in the figure 6 subtracted from 10
Seven birds make 'em swerve 'til they vision is blurred
Turn cats that souped from superb to nerds
Just say the word, I'll leave your DNA on the curb
Then stick my dick in your ear, and fuck what you heard!
Lemme finish 'em (Nah! It's time to pin 'em)
Ra! Lemme finish 'em (Nah! I'ma pin 'em)
Nah! Lemme finish 'em (Nah! It's time to pin 'em)