Those Elysian smiles I thought I'd keep forever
I remember it all like it was yesterday
Forget it all, set it down, hit record and back away
My intestines are fastening laces, intolerable to fucking untangle
These vigilant eyes can't keep off the timekeepers
Second hand every angle
What's keeping you waiting?
Usually out before I open my eyes
Why did you pick today?
To epilate between your thighs
Are you waiting for his tongue to come?
And brush against your cleaned trimmed hair?
I hope he knows, that curvilinear gyrating space
Won't be the only thing he'll taste down there
Stop to think about it, if we've both flooded the same skin
You've tasted me, I've tasted you, who knows how many places
My tongue has been
My tongue has been
I left, you stayed, I hoped and prayed
That these nauseating thoughts weren't true
Before we met, I wouldn't bet
I would give up nihilism for you!
You might also likeNothing ever made sense
Was I even real?
Took everything I wouldn't touch
And made me feel, hell yeah!
I had all my faith in you
That you would never commit and act of deceit
To wake up in the ante meridiem
Knowing there would be solid ground to support my feet
If it is alright (If it is alright) to conceal the truth
Then when does the concealment end, and lying begin?
Tell me when, tell me when
This is a maudlin motion picture
A theme song in search of a movie
I've got the perfect script to match this tune
Who really knows what goes on in the afternoon?
Let's not ruin the surprise
I don't buy these incredulous denials
(Do you think you've found the exit)
To your escape? I really shouldn't be thinking this way
It would put my mind at ease if I caught your ass on tape
They'll be no excuses, baby
I'll forward this to your friends and family
Maybe I should reconsider this diagnosis
Let's think things out before we conclude
Commonly a virtuoso at these procedures
But this was the saddest thing my eyes have ever viewed
The post meridiem hours that we performed
Seemed like such a perfunctory routine
But I can obviously tell by the footage here
That you're in love with this machine!
How could you do this to me?
Next time you won't get out so easily
Now that I know what I'm up against; I came prepared
Bat in hand, behind the closest door, I painfully stared
Say "hello" to this bark inbetween your teeth
Soon you will also be bleeding from underneath
It took balls to do what you've done
Having your manhood in your mouth is no fun
And as for you, darling, you're going no where
It's kind of hard to move when you're tied to a chair
See, there's a twist to this lovely for you too see
What's hiding in your wardrobe isn't a shopping spree
(whistle, whistle) Comes out to stilts supporting the wait of lust
I always thought you were someone I could always trust
Now watch this wet, smacking flesh
I'm sure you don't even care
But with your eyelids sown back to your brows
This leaves you forced to stare
With a wire wrapped around his neck, tightly tied to a tree
There he stood on the top of the cliff, with his inanimate life above the sea
He drinks his virulent drink, and sets himself on fire
Pulls the trigger though the midair; misses his head and snaps the wire
Now choking and strangling in the water, his body begins to sink
Not only did he put out the flames, but he regurgitated his drink
This wasn't the worse thing that could happen... yes, it is
We're dying slowly again...
We're dying slowly again?
Stop, rewind
Watch them die
Stop, rewind
Watch them die
Stop, rewind
Watch them die
Stop, rewind
Watch them die
Stop, rewind (Oh, don't you love to play it back)
Watch them die (And watch it all over?)
Stop, rewind (Oh, don't you love to play it back)