Yeah, you ain't seen my best
Checkmate, ain't a game of chess
Globalists see me as a threat
Free thinking, got a world at my neck
Hah, am I paranoid? Picture Malcolm X
In a room full of pigs, trying not to bust a sweat
Aye, Neil Tyson need to loosen up his vest
They probably write that man one hell of a check
Aye, I'm over here on this side of town
Come on over, over, over, over here, try to clown
Aye, I never pipe down
If they weren't coming for me then
They definitely coming for me now
I can't even keep my phone charged up
All this shit I'm talking, I should get my home barred up
Rappers get off of my dick and get your own bars up
Now the mirror lizard's breath got the clones scared cuz
Woo, use your, use your common sense
Why is NASA part of the department of defense?
They divided up the seas into thirty-three degrees
Feeding kids masonry, bruh, be careful what you read

Flat line, flat line
There's no superior blood line
Flat line, flat line
You got me once but that died, aye
You might also like
Voice, voice, do I have a voice?
Do I give a fuck? Do I have a choice?
Joint, joint, I roll up a joint
Keep my shooters in the game like I hate to disappoint
I see only good things on the horizon
That's probably why the horizon is always rising
Indoctrinated in a cult called science
And graduated to a club full of liars
Heliocentrism, you were the sixth victim
Fuck you and your team, you can sit on the bench with 'em
They nervous, but before you try to curve it
Do your research on David Irving
Stalin was way worse than Hitler
That's why the POTUS gotta wear a kippah
I'm a man first 'fore an artist
Get a lawyer, look up Doctor Richard Sauder

Flat line
You fooled us for the last time
Flat line, flat line
There's no superior blood line
So you want to find the farthest point from that center. And it turns out sea level at the equator is farther away from the center of the Earth than sea level near the poles. It has nothing to do with global warming and melting of the ice caps
(Why is that?)
Because... Earth, we know it spins, once a.... day. Yes, thank you. Three people know that, how long a day lasts here
(Good for row number two, they're off to a great start)
So you, so you spin, you know when you spin pizza dough, it kind of flattens out. It gets wider in the middle and...so Earth, throughout its life, even when it formed, it was spinning, and it got a little wider at the equator than it does at the poles. So it's not actually a sphere, it's an...it's oblate, it's officially an oblate spheroid. That's what we call it. But not only that, it's slightly wider below the equator than above the equator
(A little chubbier?)
Little chubbier, chubby's a good word, it's like pear-shaped. So it turns out the pear-shapedness is bigger than the height of Mount Everest above sea level

Flat line
You fooled us for the last time
Flat line, flat line
There's no superior blood line