Not half as much as me
She cried so when I - pardon me
That's just a shade loud on the snare drum
She's the sweetest little rosebud
That Texas ever knew
Her eyes are bright as diamonds
They sparkle like the dew
See now you covered up sparkle like the dew
One of the lovliest parts in the whole
Texas is the only girl for me
He covered up the picallos there
Where the Rio Grand is
Where the Rio
Where
Wh-
See my feeling is while I love a good snare drum
I feel that volume wise it's just a little too much what you're doing there
See? See, see what I mean? Now you try and hold it there
I appreciate it
You might also likeWhere the Rio Grand (I appreciate it)
Where the Rio Grand is flowing
And starry skies (that's better)
She walks along the river
On the quiet (oh that's so much better)
I know that she remembers
When we parted long ago
(You know that there's just a world of difference, oh mercy)
She's the sweetest little rosebud
That Texas ever knew
Her eyes are bright as diamonds
They sparkle like the dew
See you're slipping back into your old habits again
Why do you do that. Why do you
Texas is the only girl for me!
I love a good snare drum but - hold it hold it hold it
People people let's go back there the snare drummer covered up the tra-la-las
We just do it again, smart Alec
Tra-la-la-la-la-la-la-la
Tra-la-la-la-la-la-la-la
Tra-la-la-la-la-la-la-la
You see how lovely that turned out? Now that's a darling part
OK banjo...yug-dugga-dugga. That's purty. That's purty
Oh now I'm gonna (that's purty)
For my heart is full of woe
We'll do the things together
We did so long ago
We'll play the banjo gaily
She'll love me like (banjo drowns out)
Excuse me, you ain't any kin to the snare drummer, are you?
She's the sweetest little rosebud
That Texas ever knew
Why do you do that? Why do you burst out like that? It irritates me
That irritates me. That irritates me, that's all
But the yellow rose of Texas
HOLD ON! HOLD ON! Hold on you smart Alec Yankee drummer you!
You can cover up rose, you can cover up yellow, buddy
But don't you cover up TEXAS!
Or I'll stick your head through that cotton-pickin snare drum
And secede from the band so help me Mitch Miller I will!
And the yellow rose of Texas will be mine forever more
Cut it off there. The record's over, you idiot
Stop it, stop it I say. Just stop it, stop it
I'm getting out of here
He ruined the ending, one of the lovliest parts in the whole...