You see, it's this thing (Kelis)
I like being seen outside (Ha ha)
In my ride (You tasty)
I like it everywhere (Cookies, tasty)
(Tasty, yeah, let's go)

He was next to me (Come closer)
Our flight was s'posed to leave around 2:53
All I wanted to see
Is what would he do if I dropped down to my knees
I wanna play a game
If someone come in, it don't matter, just the same (I like it)
Try something fun with me
Let's take our clothes off all over the balcony

Let's get it on in public
Just let it go, I promise that you'll love it
Oh daddy, don't you wanna be my subject? (Yeah)
Ooh, let's get it on in public, ooh

Don't try to run from me
I'll make your toes curl up and make your body scream
Come take a walk with me
We can do it over there by all the trees
Drive this car real fast
I'll lay my head down and I'll make your body blast
Ow!
You might also like
Let's get it on in public
Just let go, I promise that you'll love it (I love this)
Oh daddy, don't you wanna be my subject?
Ooh, let's get it on in public, ooh

Let's make a movie, baby (Sit over there)
Can we get away with it? (Open your legs)
I'll be your animal (Yeah)
All lights on (I wanna see you)
I like it when we do it to this song (You like that?)
Let's make a movie, baby
Can we get away with it? (I'll be directing)
So nasty
All lights on (I like to see you)
I like it when we do it to this song (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Talk to me

The pussy or the mouth? That is the question
Like Shakespeare, but my erection is the case here
I ain't got time to drive you all the way home
But instead I can slide you to a club bathroom
Or a restaurant's men's room, then I can zoom in your womb
We both get what we want, then we can resume
To doin' what we was, smokin' that bud and chillin'
But first I gotta nut, before anything, you willin'?
You wit it? It's animal behaviour
La chic, la freak-out, with a sexy beast ma who slays ya
This is for the mature who love the natural love-making
Outdoors, on the hood of your car
Nas is good at it all when it comes to givin' it raw
Do I have to convince ya? Nah
We don't need hotel keys
We jump in the trunk and stain everything up
Slide your G-string up
Let's get it on in public (Yeah, yeah)
Just let it go, I promise that you'll love it (Just let it all go)
Oh daddy, don't you wanna be my subject? (I'll be your subject, baby)
Ooh, let's get it on in public, ooh (Yeah, I like that)
Let's get it on in public (Such a sexy beast)
Just let it go, I promise that you'll love it (So wet)
Oh daddy, don't you wanna be my subject? (So hot, so wet)
Ooh, let's get it on in public, ooh (Can't take it, I can't take it)

So nasty, girl
They gon' see us, come on, they gon' see us
I think they seen us
Kelis, sexy beast
Yeah, nasty Nas (That's my boy)
Yeah, uh, outside, in my ride
Let's ride, ma