Girl, you're all up in my face
I've never been the one to bite my tongue.  (No, no.)
I have not one word to say.  (Mmmm.)
I'm mesmerized by your sexy eyes
And your soft and lovely skin.  (Mmmm, mmmm, mmmm, mmmm.)
I want this fiasco to end, so baby, we can start all over again
Listen, I wanna be able
I wanna be able to love you.  Oh, I
I wanna be able and let me be the one to please you.  Oh, I
As sure as the sun shines all over the earth
You're one of God's most precious works
See, I'm a man and we make mistakes
So please don't take your love away.  Oh, ah
Don't take your love away.  (Don't take.)
Baby, don't take your love away, baby
I need you girl
Don't take your love away.  (Oh, oh, oh.)
Don't take your love away
(Don't take your love away.)
Don't take you love away from me, my baby
(Baby, don't take your love away from me.  I need you.)
Don't take your love away, baby
You might also likeMama said "don't put your hands in the cookie jar."
She said, "Son, have control."
She said "everything that's sweet ain't good for you, no
(That's what she said.)
And everything that glitters ain't gold."  (Mmmm.)
And now that you're gone
I realized (Yes I do.) I lost my soul.  (Preach.)
And I don't wanna pass the torch
Baby, can you give me one more (one more) chance
I wanna be able, (Mmmm, hmmm.)
Able to do everything I didin't do before for you, baby
(I wanna be able.) Listen, I wanna love you, oh, oh, oh, over and over again
Gotta hold myself together and stay strong
Baby, you've been gone too long
See, I'm a man and we make mistakes
So baby, baby, baby, don't take your love away
(Don't take your love away.) I'll get down on my hands and knees
(Baby, don't take your love away from me.)
Begging, begging you please,  (I need you, girl.)
(Don't take your love away.) Don't, don't leave me now
(Don't take your love away.) I need you right here with me
(Don't take your love away.) Please, please, please, please, please, yeah
(Baby, don't take your love away from me.  I need you.)
Don't take your love away
See, girl, I know that I hurt you so (Girl, I know)
With all of those girls that were in my world.  (In my world)
Now Stacy and Kim, damn all of them
Girl, I wanna give you everything that I can
(Everything, yeah.) Oh, oh
I know you're tired of my games, (Of my games)
Tired of my lies.  (Of my lies)
Baby, this time I promise it'll be alright
(No, no, no, no, no, no.) No longer will you ever be led astray
Baby, listen to the words I say
(Don't take your love away.) Yeah, yeah
(Baby, don't take your love away from me.)
Yes.  Don't take your love, no.  (I need you, girl.)
(Don't take your love away.) I've been searching here and there, everywhere
(Don't take your love away.) And can't find no one like you, girl
(Don't take your love away.) Don't take your love away
(Baby, don't take your love away from me.)
Listen to me, lady, lady, lady.  (I need you.)