Huh, light your lighters (Damn), you know, I done did some messed up stuff
Rest in peace 2Pac (I wonder this my last weed I'ma smoke), this for all my dead homies
Another soldier gone (My last time ridin' up in a fixed up car with gold Daytons)
But never forgotten (My last bitch I'ma fuck), uhh (Is this the end?)

Is there a Heaven for a gangsta, gangsta, gangsta? Uhh
Is there a Heaven for a gangsta, gangsta, gangsta? Uhh
Is there a Heaven for a gangsta?

Grew up in the ghetto, raised by killers, T-R-U 'cross my stomach
Your neighborhood thug nigga tryna make it
Out this fucked up environment
Where niggas die tryna make a dollar out of fifteen cent
The ghetto got me crazy, I smell daisies
But I can't die tonight, my old lady's pregnant with a baby
2Pac said there's a Heaven for a G
But I wonder if there's a restin' place for killers and gangsta niggas like me
Been fucked up for most of my life and sold my soul to the Devil
I hope I die in my sleep, but know it's gonna be a one-eighty-seven
Ain't no turnin' back, I'm strapped with two chrome gats
I see death around the corner (Damn, run), my time to go, I'm ready, Black
'Cause I'm a soldier gone off that doja
Ain't no cryin' at my funeral, I lived life to the fullest, a high roller
So when I die (Die), put me in a pine box
Bury me like a G, two Glocks and a fuckin' bag of rocks
And open up clouds for these strangers (Strangers)
Before you take me, Lord, tell me
You might also like
Is there a Heaven for a gangsta, gangsta, gangsta? Uhh
Is there a Heaven for a gangsta?

Look into the eyes of a killa, neighborhood drug dealer
Ghetto hero, swore he wouldn't be the next nigga
To lose his life in this dope game (Cocaine)
He told me don't trust nobody, his best friend was the trigger man
I see tears in his sister and his mama eye
His old lady stare at the casket askin' God why
The church is full of killers, drug dealers
Bangers, and motherfuckin' cap peelers
Six of his homies carried him to the hearse, first time that he even been to church
Damn, now he's in the dirt
Pourin' out beer for my dead homie
A bunch of rest in peace t-shirts with his motherfuckin' picture on it
This nigga lived fuckin' rowdy, and if he gotta die (Rowdy)
He don't give a fuck, 'cause this nigga been 'bout it

Is there a Heaven for a gangsta, gangsta? Uhh
Is there a Heaven for a gangsta, gangsta, gangsta? Uhh
Is there a Heaven for a gangsta, gangsta, gangsta? Uhh

Is there a Heaven for a gangsta, gangsta, gangsta, gangsta? Uhh
This goes out to all y'all motherfuckin' soldiers
True niggas (High rollers), No Limit niggas (Gangstas)
Calio niggas (Niggas that dyin' with motherfuckin' pictures on they casket)
Niggas that's dyin' in this rap game (All y'all real niggas)
Or should I say this new wave dope game (Y'all feel this, all y'all niggas dyin' in the pen)
All y'all real niggas that lost niggas (I'ma sprinkle y'all niggas with some game)
All y'all real bitches that lost niggas (Ain't nothin' more precious than life)
Gangsta niggs in New Orleans (Gangsta bitches)
Baton Rouge (All y'all niggas on Death Row), go pour some beer out for y'all thug niggas
Lake Charles, Shreveport, New Mexico (R.I.P., nigga)
Mississippi (Uhh), Texas (Uhh), Alabama (Uhh), Atlanta
Is there a Heaven for a gangsta, gangsta, gangsta? Uhh (Indiana, Cleveland)