I don't know what (What we do, what we do)
She would do if she knew (Hey, yeah)
That you were comin' (What we do, what we do)
To do what we do (Guess who's back)
I don't know what (What? What?)
He would do if he knew (Uh-huh, uh-huh)
That you were comin' (What we)
To do what we do (What we do now)

Always wondered if she knew about us
When I met ya, you said y'all had broke up
Right on time, 'cause I didn't have my love
Me and him was on some other stuff
That let me fall to you
And from what I could tell, you fell too
And I wonder if it would be wrong
If we just kept it on

And I know we (Yeah)
Both had someone that we just kept from (Come on)
And (Check it out now)
They still think that they're the only ones (What? What?)
I like the way we hang, but it ain't belong (Yeah)
When we know the feelings ain't all gone (Uh, uh, one, two now)
See TLC LiveGet tickets as low as $55You might also like
I don't know what (Don't know what)
She would do if she knew
That you were comin' (Yeah)
To do what we do (I don't know, don't know)
I don't know what
He would do if he knew (Uh)
That you were comin' (If he knew)
To do what we do (I don't know, don't know, T-Boz)

Always thought that he knew about you
When I met you, I said we were through
In time, my feelings came right back
But I didn't let us get off track (Say what? Uh)
And I got so into you (Uh, check it)
Way too fast, what do I do?
And I know I shoulda held it off
But you just turned me on (Ooh)

And I know we
Both had someone that we just kept from (Uh, uh)
And (What? Huh?)
They still think that they're the only ones (Only ones, now)
I like the way we hang, but it ain't belong (Say what? Say what? Say what?)
When we know the feelings ain't all gone (Come on, yeah)
I don't know what
She would do if she knew (If she knew that)
That you were comin'
To do what we do (What we do)
I don't know what
He would do if he knew (Yeah, come on)
That you were comin' (Uh, LaFace)
To do what we do (Te amo mucho)

We've kept things pretty tight thus far
Love without the sex and hundred thousand dollar cars
Ain't it funny how auras unify?
An entity upon itself that can spread wings and fly
A peaceful coexistence that will surely last (Last)
Becomes a reminiscent dream for those in our past
If they knew just a fraction of all the things we do
They still wouldn't comprehend the depth between me and you

And I know we (Hahaha, yeah)
Both had someone that we just kept from (Come on)
And (What's up?)
They still think that they're the only ones (TLC in the house)
I like the way we hang, but it ain't belong (Uh, no doubt)
We know the feelings ain't all gone (Uh)
I don't know what
She would do if she knew (If she knew)
That you were comin' (Yeah, Uh, yeah, know what)
To do what we do (Do what we do, what we do now)
I don't know what (Don't know what)
He would do if he knew (I don't know don't know, come on)
That you were comin'
To do what we do (Yeah, baby, I, what? What?)

I don't know what (Da-da-da, da-da-da-da-da)
She would do if she knew (Da-da-da, da-da-da-da-da)
Da-da-da, da-da-da-da-da (What we do, what we do now)
Da-da-da, da-da-da-da-da, haha (Uh, uh)
I don't know what (Don't know what)
He would do if he knew (I don't know, don't know, yeah)
TLC
Don't know (Left Eye), yeah baby, I (T-Boz)
Chilli, Dallas, uh
I don't know
Don't know (What's up?)
Don't know (What's up?)