I hope that no American, considering the really critical issues facing this country...
The citizens of  location have gathered to fit together the first fragments of the mystery...

Confrontation town front
I can't front, no! I can't believe this funk
Got a blacklash as long as some happy ass clown frown, uh
I gets down, in the trenches underneath the underground
Under a blanket of hell you never heard, rejected the sound
Wrap your troubles in dreams, baby, in search of a theme
I can't believe I'm triple-teamed
I voted! Hope my ass wasn't railroaded
Ran for the border to avoid the slaughter
Shit! I blamed that tape recorder 'cause you mad outta order!
Beyond categories, another Eastside story, uh
That's three thousand miles ago
'Cause cats are shook by past crooks
Doin' street hooks
Too many freestyles, yo! Be off the books, be the judge
Make sure that needle don't budge, don't prejudge
Your frustration, anger at the association
What difference it makin', got the whole world hatin'
Art of war vocals, influence the locals!

I have to admit, you're pretty good...
You might also like
It's a mad, mad world we've been livin  g everyday
What you gonna say, all man say I'm a fuck up
Living, don't throw it away
It's a mad, mad world we've been living everyday
What you gonna do
All man say I'm a fuck up
Living, don't throw it away
Claver est operes a mixer
Le New Jacks sont dans
Les MC's sont pres auteur en toute Liberte
It's a mad mad world we've been living everyday

Now I feel trapped in this everyday form of life
Who's wrong or right? Who knows, I still fight
To survive, live from the land of confusion
Man's abusing, which religion are you choosing?
Substance abusing, losing touch with reality
Have you forgot about your family values?
Can't you understand the plan?
World destruction, push the button, end of discussion
Boom! What you gonna do now?!
It's like the sound of a nuclear holocaust going "Boo-yeah!"
What a mad world!
We got cops on the take, females being raped
Bodies floatin' in the lake, why? Over hate!
You better check your faith, 'cause it'll be gone before you wake, huh?!
I have to admit, you're pretty good...

It's a mad, mad world we've been living everyday (Get up!)
What you gonna say, all man say I'm a fuck up (Get up!)
Living, don't throw it away
It's a mad, mad world (Get up!) we've been living everyday
What you gonna do (Get up!)
All man say I'm a fuck up
Living don't throw it away (Get up!)
Claver est operes a mixer
Le New Jacks sont dans (Get up!)
Les MC's sont pres auteur en toute Liberte (Get up!)
It's a mad mad world we've been living everyday (Get up!)

My soul is bleeding too (Get up!)
Can't see the truth in you (Get up!)
No truth to idolize (Get up, get up!)
When will we realize? (Get up!)