Check the resume, y'all know me, the club rocker
Quick to grab a bobber and I fly like a copper
I'm livin' well and I dodge all Coppers
I move all the ladies, but they gotta be proper
Sucker-free, my whole click is so damn tight
Guaranteed to make 'em jump when I'm blessin' the mic
I got 'em runnin' to the floor, they like "Who that, who that?"
Droppin' bombs in the club, they say "Do that, do that!"
I'm coming through with the new school like "Uh oh"!
Dance floor packed, y'all are like "Here we go!"
The whole club in the mix, y'all are movin'
Bobbin' your head while the ladies are smooth

And if your game is tight, then I know you gon' (Jump)
If your money is right, then I know you're gon' (Jump)
If you're hittin' tonight, then you might as well (Jump)
Come on, get your ass up!

And when it gets too hot now, what you need? (Ice!)
Platinum status, who is he? (Ice!)
Who can rock a show but won't freeze? (Ice!)
Get your ass up!
You might also like
Alright stop, now let the beat drop
You know it's hot, now let's reach for the top
You got the hip, well I hit you with the hop
Millennium funk, I got this game on lock
I take four MCs put 'em all in a line
Four wannabes who think they can rhyme
And five more before I go for mine
Now that's 13 ate up at the same time
So think realistically, not egotistically
It's suicide if you even think of dissin' me
I'm on a world tour while you're sittin' at home
I've been 17 platinum with this microphone
So get up!
Get your ass up!

And if your game is tight, then I know you gon' (Jump)
If your money is right, then I know you're gon' (Jump)
If you're hittin' tonight, then you might as well (Jump)
Come on, get your ass up!

Muevelo-muevelo Mami, muevelo asi
Oyes hasle caso a tu Sugar Daddy
Perla bustin' out treat for my Papis
Chillin with Ice, Latina flava better than ecstasy
I'm gettin' stupid drunk till the early mornin'
You's tappin' dat ass 'til the break of dawnin'
Light the blunts up, tear the club up, drink the fuck up
Got a problem? You can get the fuck out!
It's a Friday night, playa, time to spend that skrilla
Time to spark the killa and chug the Tequila
Get your body goin' cuz the music is flowin'
Got ladies shakin' their ass
Wearing shit that got their cheeks showin' and bouncin'
1 to the 2 to the 3 to the 4
25 fellas tryin' to bust down my door
What do they want, tryin' to live la vida loca
With this fly Latina chick who got the bangin' ass chocha?
And if your game is tight, then I know you gon' (Jump)
If your money is right, then I know you're gon' (Jump)
If you're hittin' tonight, then you might as well (Jump)