1, 2, 3, 4
Hit it, hit it

Yeah, here's a story bout' my homeboy Randy
He was hooked on a girl named Candy
Started off as sex for fun
Now the girl's got him on the run
Made love to her just one time
Now she runs his body and mind
He calls everyday on the phone
But baby's playin' games ("Leave a message at the tone")
Soft and gentle is not her style
This girl is so damn wild
All my partners wanna get next to her
But she ain't down with that, She moves right through 'em
Yeah, like paper plates
Tears 'em up and she throws 'em away
If you had any guts today
You'd get your butt up, and you'd walk away
But you're hooked

Hooked, hooked
Know what I'm sayin', you're hooked, hooked
Hooked (Two, hit it!)
You might also like
Yo, Get tough was your new campaign
Cryin' over a girl, boy, you're insane
She treats you like a dirty diaper
Use you one time and then she wipes you out
You understand what I'm sayin'?
If you're a man, you'll stop delaying and betraying
Try to act like you were mack
You can't go an hour without that sex attack
What's wrong, boy, is it that good? (You got it!)
There's a lot of girls that would and could
Take you, But you're so damn weak
I think you need to seek
Professional help, For your problems
Lay on the couch and let the doctor solve 'em
Talkin' to you and now he took your money
You're took on that honey, You're hooked (Hooked, hooked, hooked, hooked...)

Hooked, hooked
Fellas, you know what I'm sayin', he's hooked
Ain't got an ounce of mack in him, he's hooked

Yeah, baby, run you, she takes your money
While you'll kick back cryin' over honey
Now, I must admit she's fly
But i'll be damned if oh me oh my
If I ever let a girl run my thing
I'm poppin' it the most, you know what I'm sayin'?
So understand, you gotta be real hard
Don't treat her like a dog, but let her know
You'll pull her card if she ever gets outta hand
What is you a boy or a man?
Stand up and tell baby you ain't gonna be shook
Yo punk, you're hooked on that s-s-s-y
I don't know why
I don't stand by
And just let a girl run over me
Fool, I'm a man, can't you see?
Boy, you're hooked
Yeah, you're hooked, might as well give her to me man
Let me do the wild thing, you're hooked
Shoot, I'm poppin' it man, you're hooked

Yo man, check it out, let me talk to you for sec
So, what's up, Vanilla?
Yo man, come here man, what?
You know, man, you ain't doin' it right. You're off man
See, you know what the problem is?
That ring I bought her... The diamonds weren't big enough (Nah man)
I'm tellin' ya' the diamonds weren't... I'm goin'... You know
What she wants... I'm goin' tell ya'... (Nah man, nah)
When I first met her she said she wanted a 'vette (A 'vette?!)
I'm gonna' get her a vette
No man, no...a 'vette...
I'm gonna get her the 'vette! (No man, hey, wait up!)

Now it's Saturday, the day you hate most
Why, because from coast to coast
You see girls everyday in the club, cold kickin' it
Reminds you of baby when you used to be wit' it
But now she took you one time for sex and you're so sprung
That the next time she seen you
We knew, she had to leave you
Boy, you're hooked
Boy, you're hooked
Boy, you're hooked
Hooked