Now that you feelin' it, I see you're getting weak
You're gettin' real close, you're reachin' that peak, uh
You're like high altitude in a leader jet
Work them hips like a pistons in a corvette
Slow down or I'll have to pull ya over
Search ya, handcuff ya, and do a move on ya
You get a GWB stands for Girl With a Body, pump it like a hottie
Seems like you got switches and you're hittin' em
Two-wheel motion, keep bumpin' em
Now throw it east to west and put a hump in it
Back stroke, and boogie with a bump in it
Tell me how you do it like that, how you got stacked
How you scramble like a quarter back
I want you weak in the knees and shaking in your pants
And all I wanna do is make you dance
Come on!

Come on!
Feel it!
I'll come for you...

Here I come, here I come here I come, here I come here I come, here I come!
Here I come, here I come here I come, here I come here I come, here I come!
Here I come, here I come here I come, here I come!
You might also like
I see the sweat that you're lettin' off
Now, keep it comin girl, ya know I love it when you take it off
You got me sittin in the hot seat
Drippin from the body heat from my head to my feet
We can do it by candle light all night
Keep it goin till the sunlight, that's right
What ya tryin to do, make the ice melt?
Don't you know my cream is good for your health?
You know you wanna shake what your mamma gave ya
You're getting real hot, now I'm gonna spray ya
Rub it in like lotion
Juices flowin everywhere like water in the ocean
You got that hourglass figure, uh
All the right moves and ya know I wanna dig ya
Got 31 flavors, know what I mean?
And I wanna take a dip in your ice cream

Here I come, here I come here I come, here I come here I come, here I come!
Here I come, here I come here I come, here I come here I come, here I come!
Here I come, here I come here I come, here I come!

Imma be the one to kick this shit off
And crank it up like a 250 engine in a motorcross
And make ya feel it girl till ya get sick with it
And all that junk in your trunk, don't be stingy with it
And I'm gonna make it all good like the weekend
You got enough for yourself and for all my friends
And it's enough of me to go 'round like the globe
Set it up like a tent, watch it unfold
I see your eyes glistening for the benji's
But you ain't gotta fake it, I just want you to shake it
Break me off a piece of that action like Jackson
I ain't trying to hit it and I ain't trying to wax it
Picture you and me on the beach and you be
Climbing up this tall coconut tree, yeah
All I wanna do is hump with it and make you scream
And eat you up as I floss with your G-string
Here I come, here I come here I come, here I come here I come, here I come
Here I come, here I come here I come, here I come here I come, here I come
Here I come, here I come here I come, here I come