Yeah, yeah, yeah
When I'm alone in my room sometimes I stare at the wall
And in the back of my mind I hear my conscience call
Tellin' me I need a girl who's as sweet as a dove
For the first time in my life, man, I see I need love, love

I held a nigga down without being at gunpoint
And when he came home, everything was on point
Gave you the car that I paid off to put you in the Benz
Went and got the loft, upgraded ya friends
You sold a lot of promises while you was in jail
And like a fool, bought everyone like they was on sale
"We gon' do this, we gon' do that, like a power couple"
But ever since yo ass been home, it's been a power struggle
You can work out all day man, I'm still the muscle
And you can buy me the world dude, I'm still gon' hustle
You got a lot of baggage, nigga, kinda hard to juggle
Sick of the swag, Ciara, I think I need a Russell
I think I'm tearin' up right now as I'm rappin' this shit
And all the gifts you sendin' nigga, I'm re-wrappin' this shit
I smok a blunt, I took a xan, I'm unravelin' quick
My sister tryna' calm me down as I'm packin' ya shit
I'm not a role model but people look up to me
It bothers you when people scream my name and they run up to me
It's not a bag or a shoe that can make it up to me
I put it in God's hands, no longer up to me
They say people come in your life for only a season
Pride come before the fall, don't let that be the reason
I won't be disrespected by another motherfucker
Not you, yo sister, daughter, cousin, or your baby mother
Tried to tell you how I feel, you put yo back to me
But all that shit that's in the streets is gettin' back to me
But all that shit that's in the streets is gettin' back to me
Thanks for the Rollie' but time to get back to me
You might also like
Game time
Fuck is goin' on? (Yeah) See
When you was down there doin' that motherfuckin' time right?
And the struggle was motherfuckin' real right?
All my motherfuckin' visits?
I did 9 years with yo motherfuckin' ass right?
You get out and you wanna shit on me? Huh?
When you was doin' that motherfuckin' time right?
Nigga I was there
When you was there with two suits and a lock up
I came to visit you, I sent you money
When you got out, I gave you a whip to ride
And you mean to tell me right, you wanna turn up on me?
Huh? Motherfucka'
I know when you with them other bitches right
I know you wish it was me right? Ha
When nights get lonely right? Ha
Them bitches don't know no more tears
I wish I would cry for yo motherfuckin' ass again, ha
I'ma see can them other bitches do what I motherfuckin' did right
But one thing you better remember nigga, it will rain again
Oh, it gon' rain
And I promise you right?
Ain't na'an bitch gon' ride like I rode right?
Na'an bitch
You understand what I'm sayin'?
And I'ma stand back right?
And I'ma watch you, watch them, while you watch me motherfucka'
It's game time
The fuck is goin' on?
When ya tossin' and turnin' in ya sleep and you having motherfuckin' nightmares
And the bitch wanna know "who in the fuck is Tiffany motherfucka'?"
Yeah, but I'ma let you have that shit right?
Chess bitch, never checkers
I'm the queen, I control the whole motherfuckin' board
Ha, the fuck is goin' on
Game time