Amerie, Ludacris, remix, woo

We sippin' on a little Veuve with the orange label
Hershey's syrup from your lips to your navel, head coming off the table
I'm willing and able and love it when you get mad
After sst, then wiping you down with warm rags
I'm rich, how did I do it? Man, I take 'em under
It's 'cause I rolled craps with Ray Charles and Stevie Wonder
So tell me what you need 'cause it's so important
That I make you feel good like Billy Bob Thornton (Woo), c'mon

So many things I'm goin' through
So much that I wanna do (Do)
It's startin' to become so clear to me
Tomorrow ain't really guaranteed (No)
So many days I've thought of you
It's about time you knew the truth
Got to act quickly, you and I
And fall in love, so many reasons why

Why don't we, don't we (So why don't we)
Why don't we, why don't we (Yeah)
Why don't we fall in love? (Why don't we fall in love?)
It's so many reasons (Why?)
It's the only thing that matters to me (Why don't we fall in love?)
You might also like
It takes such a load off to let you know
That you're the only one I never want to go
Things I never did, now I want to do
A love I never felt, now I feel for you
Why don't I just swallow each and every ounce of my pride?
Everything you do, I wanna feel again
Ain't no use for us to pretend

Why don't we, don't we (Why can't we)
Why don't we, what don't we (Why can't we, why can't we)
Why don't we fall in love? (We, we, can't we fall)
Why don't we, why don't we, why don't we fall in love?
Oh, fall in love

(Why?) Hey, come with me
(Why?) Tomorrow ain't guaranteed (Why?), no

Black lights, stamina, uh, uh-uh, action
You been gettin more butterflies than Mike Jackson
'Cause me and you together will meet as one
I'll fly from New York to LA and beat the sun
My other woman never listen when I wish she would
But I wonder can she hear me now, good
Tell her I'm a King sippin' Cask & Cream
Your hearts jumpin' like a rabbit on a trampoline
She's got pretty feet (What?), big lips, mean body (Woo)
I spiced up her life, made her Josephine Johnny
She drippy-drop, wobble-wobble and shake-shake
And every time we jump in the sack she can't wait
To unleash the fury, scratch my back
Then I'm pullin out her hair like track-for-track
See, I'm an eight-figure *****, we can ball above
So I'ma Disturb Tha Peace, you can fall in love
I'ma Disturb Tha Peace, you can fall in love (Woo)
Baby, let's be (Luda)
Why don't we, why don't we, why don't we fall in love?
Why don't we, why don't we (Ohh), why don't we fall in love?
Oh-oh
No, no
Woah
No, no-no, no