Funk doc in the fuckin building, Nigga

We right back at ya
When ya see this shit comin
B.G. and U.N.L.V. on the same track
Wit a shot to birdman
So now, We cleanin up feathers right now
Fuck Cash Money, Ya Know?

We gon drive from east over, Dump ya body in big noy
We gon leave a note around ya neck sayin that you in chopper city boy

Oh, He want some
It's a bird, It's a plane
Naw homie, That's Baby, Shoot that nigga mane

Y'all boys never saw it comin 
B. Gizzle, Y'all and Tec-9 together on the same track murkin somethin
I told y'all boys, That you can't keep a nigga from the 3 down
Now y'all done sight that lil 40 up just feel us down
Bad ass Yella Boy, this is for you
Homie, We know the true story and we know what to do
We get them automatic weapons load em up, Load em up
And that shiny-ass jewelry that you got, Nigga give it up
Remember me and Geezie wrote yo raps
I know ya missin all that, Cause that shit ya spittin now is wack
And when the rest of y'all gon realize, Gon realize?
That y'all ain't never gon eat more than crust out the pie
Cash Money records, Nigga suck my dick
Tell the whole world how ya really got that shit
It was Gizzle, U.N.L.V., My nigga Juve came late
Now how the fuck ya gon feed us off the same plate?
You might also like

It's the return of the hottest of the hot, Lil B.G
And 2 big dogs from the UPT
U.N.L.V., Tech Nine, And lil ya
We bout to keep it real from the streets to the cellblock
Anybody hollerin, They get popped
Nigga holla ha, When they came on my block
It's real round here, All that stuntin'll get ya smashed round here
Straight jacked round here
If nigga know that history put Cash Money on
Befo' Uptown thang, It was Sixth and Baronne
I'mma speak the truth, I'mma tell no lie
I was on the scene, Yella snuck Baby in the eye
I was on the scene when Suga Slim got slipped
Yella went inside and got the fuckin pistol grip
It's the real Cash Money, We started this shit
From local 580 to the 226


You went from Lil Wayne to the number one dick rider
Fuck you mean you the best since the best retired?
Ya mami should've let you die when that nine went off
Cause you got it fucked up thinkin Baby ya pa
I'll break ya jaw, You was real, Now you phony
Let a bitch-ass nigga infiltrate you and ya homie
How long will it be before ya realize, Realize?
Slim and Baby ain't nothin but the devil disguised
Plus Baby got fucked up in OPP
In 97, Got a deal off of U.N.L.V
Album sold platinum gold, Bitch I'm comin for mine
And motherfuck the legal way, Bitch, I'm bringin that iron
You ain't got no strap, Remember Yella knocked ya out?
Tech flicks into Slim, The other clown ran out
On ya faggot-ass roaches scared to poo in the pen
It's the real 226 spinnin a ben

Say uh, Flex, B.G., We don handled that shit, Man
Fuck that, The whole world know
They know who made them bitches
How the fuck you gon get a whole leaf of bread
And don't wan give a nigga but a piece of slice, Dawg?
Fuck that, We keep it row, It ain't goin down
Fuck you nigga, Fuck your brother too