It's a wonderful thing to go to sleep and
Wake up in the morning, and your breathin'
It's a wonderful thing to see the sun light
Shine across the window after dreamin'. (Ohh)
It's so easy to take it for granted
But we're only alive because he allows it. (Say it again)
It's so easy to think we're independent
But just think if he wasn't there where would we be?
Chorus:
We must take some time to give thanks to him
For the sunny days he gives us and lights up our lives. (ohh)
We must be sure that we to give thanks to him, (be thankful)
For those chilly nights he holds us, and caresses our lives
Verse 2:
It's a wonderful thing to see your loved-one cured of their diseases
It's a wonderful thing to hear the voice of freedom when you need it
I've heard it. (Whuu)
It's so easy to loose understanding
Then it's not them it's us who more so demanding. (It's so easy)
It's so easy to get complaced
But just imagine if we lost him where would we be?
You might also likeChorus
We must take some time to give thanks to him, (Ohh)
For the sunny days he gives us and lights up our lives.(For those sunny days,ohh,ohh)
We must be sure that we to give thanks to him, (give thanks to him)
For those chilly nights he holds us, and caresses our lives. (when I'm cold, yeah)
Bridge:
He greets us in the mornin', (in the mornin') from a peaceful sleep, (yeah)
And watched over us all through the night. (ohh)
From the cars we drive, (cars we drive) and the planes that fly, (the planes we fly)
He shows us his love, by reserving our lives...
Be thankful for all that he's done for you, (Ohh)
Take a minute and send it up. (Eee)
Be thankful for all that he's done for you,( I know, yeah yeah)
Take a minute and send it up. (We gotta take some time)
Chorus x2
We must take some time to give thanks to him, (Thank you lord, Thank you Jesus)
For the sunny days he gives us and lights up our lives. (Rejoice, "Rejoice" in the day of his name)
We must be sure that we to give thanks to him, (Ohh)
For those chilly nights he holds us, and caresses our lives. (Take out a little time to thank him)
We must take some time to give thanks to him, (Yeah)
For the sunny days he gives us and lights up our lives. (Must see my father, oh lord, oh lord)
We must be sure that we to give thanks to him, (we won't ever, never never never forget it Jesus)
For those chilly nights he holds us, and caresses our lives. (thank you, yeah)
We just want to say, "thank you", (Thank you for the ways)
For all the ways you've made (Oh, God thank you for health and strenght)
Yes God