Have I lost myself?
When they turn away my helping hand, no they don't want my help
They don't feel my pain, no I'll just get in the way
When that flame burns out, then its never the same
Where the fuck did all my friends go?
If you see 'em will you say hello?
Let 'em know its all good, LinX said so
I'm kidding ima get 'em all
'No friend of mine' they should put that on your motherfuckin' headstone
Focused on my return, the comeback I deserve
I'm putting work so every verse is more absurd
I'm going berserk, now you fuckers've struck a nerve
For what its worth, they in the grave and throwing dirt
They say I'm killin' 'em all, get rid of 'em all
I don't see the point in playing if you're willing to fall
Startin' to kinda question, are you really involved?
Because you're acting like a bitch and I'm sick as a dog
Forgive me

"Watchu doing LinX?"
"Its okay, I got this"
"What are you in this for, really?"
"I don't know... Music? Nah, this is only fucking revenge"
"Yeah"
"Just think this through"
You might also like
With a ski mask and a buck knife screaming fuck life, I don't need this anyways
I got this world set for detonate
And correct me if I'm wrong but we all seen a better day
I been living out my life like a renegade
Watching all my people fade away, thought we'd never change
Lost the only girl I loved just the other day
And I just haven't been myself since she went away
But now my ex's wanna be reconnected
Was it something that I said? Something that I texted
Something on my neck, something like my necklace
Something I don't need, something reckless?
I just want to see some cheese selling records
Where were you when I was sleeping on a bench?
Now it's 30 thou (thousand) in the crowd, I don't even flinch
Mami I'm the shit, what am I to think? I am so legit
By the looks of this I'll be getting rich
And the funny thing about it is you'll never see a cent
You'll be digging in your pockets, you can barely pay the rent
What did you expect? how'd this play it in your head
What you'd follow me on Twitter now apparently we friends?
I'ma hold this to the end, buried in the ground
Shit, I'd go to town if they ever let me out
Vengence on my mind, let 'em know its going down
If I turned this up loud, can you motherfuckers hear me now?
"Alright, so..."
"Its like what do they, what do they need?"
"Long time coming"
"What's the point of this?"
"So I told 'em"
"Gotta give 'em something now"
"Its what I fucking told 'em"
"Its about that time"
"It's like they really want more? I'll give 'em more"
"M.O.R"

There's something new about me, I don't feel the same
I'm in a new place starting up a new game
I keep it moving like I'm livin out a suitcase
Waiting for this moment to arrive but its too late
I'm obsessed with the thought of success
The reason that I'm missing is the reason that I left
I see 'em playing checkers but the boy playing chess
Thinkin 10 moves ahead, I can see 'em getting stressed
And they damn well better be
Cus I don't see no competition, I'm my own worst enemy
Bottle of Jack got me acting like a psychopath
The way I party I don't know why they invite me back
I've hit a low but I know I'm getting close
The stars are aligned, all I see is open road
Its all in my reach, there ain't nothing outta sight
Its a brand new day but its time to say goodnight