I can't help myself, somebody save me now
I just wanna party on, try and take me down
I can't help myself, somebody save me now
I just wanna party on, try and take me down
I been up, I been up, I plan to keep it going. (Try and take me down)
I been up, I been up, I plan to keep it going. (Try and take me down)
I been up, I been up, I plan to keep it going. (Try and take me down)
I been up, I been up, I plan to keep it going
Try and take me down
What to do, party all weekend
Live for the moment, plan for the evening
Pool party, gotta wake up the demons
Call me shallow, but I dove in the deep end. (Splash)
Couple Shawty's in the water, be sure to get me some ass
I'm playin, I'm just tryin'a have fun
Thinkin' out the box, what haven't you done?
Cuz we just losin' our mind, we do it all the time
Everything gon' be fine, long as we stay alive..
Blue shoes on, and they laced up tight
Go to bed fucked up, roll that dice
Livin' that wreck, we's call that life (?)
And then nothing go wrong, we could do it all night
Kickstand got me feelin' like a criminal
But you lookin' at me, sober as a judge
Have a drink on me, put yourself on lean
Get drunk, cmon, party with us
Nothin wrong with a little bit of E, little bit of weed
Make no difference to me, cause you can't go wrong
When you wake up on the lawn, and the sun goes up
You can sing that song
You might also like
(JR Mint)
Spot me in the dark, guaranteed I'm beamin'
P-put me in the light, better make shit right
Smoke a little weed and the drink a little liquor
That's the same two things that I did last night. (Party)
No dress code, all green clothes
Ladies get in free and I don't mean ho's
Standin' on the bar, screamin' go Leafs (?) go
Wit ya cowboys, rodeo
T-dot to LV, live it
Red and yellow purple blue lights flash
Chi-town n Cali trippin'
I cross over, Scotty Pippen
Superfly, Superman, jump when I'm on that low-rider. (Low-rider)
Super-high, super-drunk, super-fresh, flow-a-rida (?)
Make that Wavepool a tsunami, you just need a little mo' heart
I be riding in that go-cart, you can keep that big Bugatti
Hit 'em with a blast, push it to the limit
Any minute Imma blow right past
Pour my glass, hold my flask, drink it 'til it's done
And watch the whole night flash. (Hey!)