The sucker when to (Pimpin')
To see what was up with (Pimpin')
But all he found out about (Pimpin')
That nigga wasn't ready for (Pimpin')
(Damn)
Some of y'all niggas ain't ready for pimpin'
You know what I'm sayin'?
Sit your ass down and listen to the story
Watch out, man

1973, when the pimpin' was strong
And a ho sold pussy all night long
There was once a pimp, y'all, his name was Pimp
He be tooths and gold and he walk with a limp
Now, to the pimp, the bitches there respect
And each and every one of his hoes was in check
You had to beg for the pussy if you wanted a glimp
And if you try to get a freak, she'll tell her pimp
The pimp would roll up on you, wherever you at
Park his Cadillac, and jump out with a gat
And come up to your face and he'll straighten that
He'll look at you, and then he look at his freak
And um, flex the gold and begin to speak
He say "Look, motherfucker, a pussy, you want it?
All the bitches bussin' that motherfuckin' on it
I'm a pimp with a capitol P
As a hard workin' bitch you tryna take from me
But just forget it, 'cause I ain't wit it
And that's problem, company, don't be fuckin' with it"
The nigga got brave, is what came to his mind
He said "Pimp, I'ma break your motherfuckin' spine
In case you didn't know, I'm down for mine"
The pimp said "You down? I motherfuckin' wonder
I'ma put you down about six feet under"
The pimp stepped back, lookin' real cool
Hollered at his ho "Bitch, kill this fool"
The bitch took a breath and said "Sorry, Peter"
And from the pocketbook came a nine millimeter
One minute he was there, the next he was gone
The pimp smacked the hoe 'cause it took to long
Don't you never forget what I said
Pimpin' ain't dead, y'all nigga just scared
You might also like
Y'all nigga just scared
Pimpin' ain't dead, y'all nigga just scared
Pimpin' ain't dead, y'all nigga just scared
You heard what I said, pimpin' ain't dead
Pimpin' ain't dead
Pimpin' ain't dead, my homie Wood, he ain't scared
My boy D, he ain't scared
My boy Tight, he ain't scared
Strictly Business, they ain't scared
My homie Cobay, he ain't scared
My brother Noyd, he ain't scared
Kilo, he ain't scared
You heard what I said, Kilo ain't scared
And the pimpin' ain't dead
Bitch, give me some head
Ooh woo, woo woo, woo woo, woo woo
I had to put that in for this pimpin'
You know what I'm sayin'?
Bitch, get ready for me, bitch!
You know what I'm sayin', 'cause I ain't scared of you
'Cause I take you to ball home
And toss a bitch 'round like a ball
You know what I'm sayin', I'm sayin'
Get off me, bitch!
Get your, get your motherfuckin'
Get your motherfuckin' ass
(Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Yo, let's go, let's go, let's go, let's bitch)
Shit man, these motherfuckers got me cleanin' up they shit
They done fucked up
Kilo and Red don't fuck, nigga, man
I am tired of doing shit for them
(Ayo, what's up homie
I ain't seen you in a while, man, you need a lift?)
Man, fuck you, yay, 'Bay won't give me no lift
(Well fuck you then, motherfucker
I don't need no fuck ass nigga, bitch!)
Get out, motherfucker, go!
You bitch! Stalk and pump, motherfucker!
Y'all punk motherfuckers, y'all ain't made nothin'
Motherfucker, punk ass niggas
I can't stand them motherfuckers
I hate them niggas, what's up man?
(What's up, what's up man?)
Man, help me clean this shit up, man
(Man, fuck that shit
I got some problem my own, nigga)
I hate Kilo and Red, man, them fuck nigga
I hate them niggas, man, I'm the god damn man
I fight them niggas, wanna get on my own record
'Cause, you know what I'm sayin'
Now I'm out here in the god damn rain
Cleanin' up shit!
Man, I'm tired cleaning up shit, I'm the shit
Oh god, oh god, oh I wish, I wish, I wish was Kilo!