She's got me eatin' pussy
She's got me eatin' pussy
She's got me eatin' pussy, she's got me eatin' pussy
She's got me eatin' pussy, she's got me eatin' pussy
She's got me eatin' pussy, she's got me eatin' pussy
She's got me eatin' pussy

Lately, I've been feeling real horny
I gotta with this bitch and she layin' a trick on me
She got on top to do the 69 (Say what?)
She said "I'll suck yours, if you lick mine"
But her butt right slap in my face
First I sniffed it, then I took a taste
Now I be lickin' and I'm lickin', and I like it
She said "Do whatever you want, but don't bite it"
So I turned the girl over and I hit the spurtone
Yum yum yum, cum cum cum
She was pullin' on my head, and pullin' out my hair
I said to myself "What I'm doin' down here?"
This girl turned me out, yo without a doubt
I'm sittin' here, with cum around my mouth

She got me eatin' pussy (She's got you doin' what?)
She got me eatin' pussy (Yo, Kilo man, what's up?)
She got me eatin' pussy (She's got you doin' what?)
She got me eatin' pussy
(Hold up man, yo man, wha-wha-wha-what's up?)
I can do it better (Nah, I can do it better)
Man, I can do it better (I say that I can do it better)
Man, I can do it better (Nah, I can do it better)
Alright, go on then and eat it
You might also like
She's got me eatin' pussy, I hope she took a douchie
I know my tounge in and out is feelin' real mushy
Top to the bottom, bottom to the top
Every time I lick the clit, the bitch gets hot
I remember way back when I said "Pussy, I'll never eat"
That was the A Town model, by then I had that sneak
Creep out, over some girls house to take a taste
All of her chairs were broken, so she sat on my face
She started movin' her hips real quick
She did not want me to quit
She came so many times, she forgot about my dick
It's time to get even, I know this makes her hot
When it's time for the erection, my lounge gets hot
This is the real trip, when it was time for me to fuck it
I didn't want to stick it, I wanted her to suck it

She's got me eatin' pussy (She's got you doin' what?)
I say she's got me eatin' pussy (Ay yo, Red, what's up?)
She's got me eatin' pussy (Man, she's got you doin' what?)
I said she's got me eatin' pussy (Yo, my nigga, what's up?)
I can do it better (Nah man, I can do it better)
I said that I can do it better (Hold up, man, I can do it better)
Nah, I can do it better (Man, I can do it better)
Alright, check this out then
Kilo, go and get her
With a splash of my lounge, I create magic
A little mouth to mouth, man, I gotta have it
And when I'm around my boys, I'm always flexin'
Knowin' that I'm down for a little oral sex
And I be lyin', you can't put that on me
I got and get myself a bitch when I get hungry
I went to Magic City, Atlanta hoes are pretty
I had to bring my back 'cause these ho's act shitty
Though a I got a tay-robanz, she said "Ooh, I know you"
I said "Whatever nigga you wanna get that pussy too"
She said "Yeah, I'm with that
But I want a whole meal, not a goddam snack"
I said "I'll feed you, and I will eat you
And I will never leave the table until the dinner's through
I'm nasty, I'm nasty, and I'm a-never let a deal-a get past me
I got manners, let me get you to your room
I even eat a bitch with a spoon"

She got me eatin' pussy (She's got you doin' what?)
She got me eatin' pussy (Yo, Kilo, what's up?)
Man, she got me eatin' pussy (She's got you doin' what?)
She got me eatin' pussy (Mann, what's up?)
Well I can do it better (I can do it better)
Man, I can do it better (Nah man, I can do it better)
G, I can do it better (Nah, I can do it better)
Alright, go on and get her
OK, I know so much, you wanna be hard
And one time or another you're gonna eat some raw
If it ain't already did it, too late for you to quit it
Flexin' with your homies, best believe he won't admit it
When I get hungry, I'm goin' to Atlanta fried pussy
For a two piece cootie cat snack (Damn straight, black)
Now lay back on the bit and put your legs in a slit
Let the tip of my tounge vibrate your clit
I'm a nasty motherfucker, I might fuck your mother
I knew you would rather be lickin' the pussy
Because I'm a good lover
7-7-7-93-11, call me up, the night reminder eats pussy, sike

She's got me eatin' pussy (She's got you doin' what?)
She's got me eatin' pussy, damn son (Ay yo, Red, what's up?)
She's got me eatin' pussy (She got you doin' what?)
I said she's got me eatin' pussy (Ay yo, man, what's up?)
She got him eatin' pussy (She got him doin' what?)
I said she got him eatin' pussy (She got him doin' what?)
(Ay yo, man, got the niggas fucked up
When you come eatin' the pussy, I can make the ho's scream)

You can say I'm nasty, you can say I'm obscene
But I'd rather eat my ho than a can of green beans
I can eat her, I can eat her, eat her 'til I'm full
Wipe my mouth, grab my pants, then pull
Then I'm jumpin' into my ride, tryin' to find my next trick
Search around the whole town for my favorite freaky bitch
I don't care if you like it, but my ho's a piece of meat
Put that pussy on the table, let me eat

(She's got me eatin' pussy)
Yeah, there's only two kinds of niggas that eat pussy
(She's got me eatin' pussy)
Niggas that say they do, and niggas that say they don't
(She's got me eatin' pussy)
So to all the niggas in the U.S.A
(She's got me eatin' pussy)
And all around the world
(She's got me eatin' pussy)
Don't be laughin' at my crew, know what I'm sayin'?
(She's got me eatin' pussy)
'Cause you eat pussy too
(She's got me eatin' pussy)
And we outta here, on the clique
(She's got me eatin' pussy)
Pussy face (Cobay)
(She's got me eatin' pussy, she's got me eatin' pussy) (Kilo)
(She's got me eatin' pussy, she's got me eatin' pussy)
(I said she's got me eatin' pussy, she's got me eatin' pussy)
(Uh, she's got me eatin' pussy, she's got me eatin' pussy)
Give me that sweet, that sweet, that funky stuff
(She's got me eatin' pussy, she's got me eatin' pussy)
Yeah, 1992
(She's got me eatin' pussy, she's got me eatin' pussy)
And y'all motherfuckers know what do to, and we outie
(Eatin' the nappy dugout) (Pussy)