Aye zaynella interstellar tell em who realer
 Dnash Tha Rapper:
R-E-A-L REAL REAL REAL Tell em You R-E-A-L
REAL REAL IM REALLY REAL  you R-E-A-L
Real Real Real Tell em you R-E-A-L  Real Real I'm Really Real
Verse 1: Dnash Tha Rapper
Tell em who real I'm the kid from the street stoop
Was dreaming about riding black bentleys & the range coupe
I waked up to reality had to grow my mentality
Like a tree I just wanna pass it to my seed
I only need my day ones only dap up real niggas
Never no fake niggas,trigger popping fool nigga
Tell me how you feel? Are you real?
Hands in the air & say this here
 Bellar: Are you really really real? Are you really really real?
Are you really really real? Are you really really real really really real
Really really
Verse 2: Dnash Tha rapper
Real run in my blood real run my veins
I always kept my head my head up even thru the pain
What real stand for?
R! Righteous,Respectful,Retentive,Responsible,Reborn
E! Elated,Efficient,Equality
A! Ambitious,Authentic & A,odyssey
L! Loving,lion,loyal
This is deeply rooted in me like the deepest soil
You might also like
Dnash Tha Rapper:
R-E-A-L REAL REAL REAL Tell em You R-E-A-L
REAL REAL IM REALLY REAL  you R-E-A-L
Real Real Real Tell em you R-E-A-L  Real Real I'm Really Real

Bellar: Are you really really real? Are you really really real?
Are you really really real? Are you really really real really really real
Really really
Verse 3: Hex Exe
Fuck all yall FA K E
If i was one of yall i want no one to hate me
I ain't trying to just play life safely
Hidden pretenders with me day light save me
Yall lames dont wanna see none of your face
For all your fucking mistakes let me be the one to be blamed
You love to be fake i would love to be hated
But I wouldn't behave the way you stuck in your places
I prefer to be real now no one heard of me still
I deserve the appeal but i ain't perfect to deal with
Ive been searchin for mils without murder and kill
Or be burnin in hell im the type of person to chill
All the curse while im livin im not the worst but im sinnin
70% real this is just 30 percent and
Ive been lying with the words on this verse well Im kidding
Everyones partially fake im just the first to admit it
 Bellar: Are you really really real? Are you really really real?
Are you really really real? Are you really really real really really real
Really really
Verse 4: Dnash Tha Rapper
I Stay so Real my Swag so Real
Screw everybody that wanted me to fail
It ain't hard to tell, that yall hate me so well
Don't change your prospective when I get the deal
Sky is the limit ima climb the highest ladder till my pockets fatter
But it don't matter as long as you stay real
I'm so Real as long you stay real now tell who real go!
 Bellar: Are you really really real? Are you really really real?
Are you really really real? Are you really really real really really real
Really really
Outro dnash tha rapper
If you ain't on that real shit get yo fake ass on