I prayed for you forever, and He sent you last November, finally...
You better hold tight, flight - two shadows, one at night
Each instant lasting so long, the spirit in this very song, reminding me...
Life has taught me lessons, like "Don't dare to question fate
For God will do the gifting, all we've got to do is wait..."
So if anybody asks you if your love is alive
Tell them all to count up to three hundred and sixty-five!
Three sixty-five, three sixty-five days a year;
Three hundred and sixty-five - That's how much I love you, dear...
(Three sixty-five!)
I got a love jones in my bones - I hear a saxophone;
A melody so haunting, it leaves my heart never wanting more than you..
You really fit the bill, the first day of April;
Now I know that deep inside my heart, you're gonna play the biggest part in my love debut...
For with you comes the passion like springtime, I fathom grand;
I cherish every blessing I get when you kiss and hold my hand...
So if anybody asks you if your love is alive, ("Is your love alive?)
Tell them all to count up to three hundred and sixty-five!
Three sixty-five, three sixty-five days a year;
Three hundred and sixty-five - That's how much I love you, dear...
(Three sixty-five!)
You might also likeDo you remember last November, baby?
That's when I met you, Heaven sent you baby, ah!
Sometimes I stop and throw my hands up in the air;
You make me holler, Hey, Tee Tee won't go away!
It's more than just a feeling, it's destiny;
I'm gonna testify about the love you're giving to me...
I'm gonna break it down for you;
Gonna break down, break it down, break it on down: I love you!
Anybody asks you, "Is your love alive?"
Tell them all to count up to three hundred and sixty-five!
Three sixty-five, three sixty-five days a year! (How much I love you, baby!)
Three hundred and sixty-five - (That's how much I love you!)
Three sixty-five, three sixty-five days a year, ooh, baby, oh... (How much I love you, baby!)
Three hundred sixty-five - if they ask, it is alive;
Tell 'em just to count it up, send it on up - I love you!
Three sixty-five, three sixty-five days a year! (How much I love you, baby!)