Lately all the flowers seem to be so plain
Can you call a rose by any other name?

Just this morning I took a stroll through your garden
I watched the sunrise and it made me think of you
The way you talk to the flowers and make them grow
And in the middle of all these flowers
There's one single stem red rose
It stood out from the rest, the fairest of them all
It made me think of what you asked me
Can you call a rose by any other name?

Lady your body moves like poetry
Like a diamond in the raw
You shine for me
No one else can hold candle to you, girl
'Cause you're everything I need in my world, lady

Lately all the flowers seem to be so plain (So plain)
Can you call a rose by any other name (Any other name)
Here inside your garden it's like I feel I'm changed (I'm changed)
Can you call a rose by any other name? (Mmm, take your time)
You might also like
And now, I got a song for you, boy
Telling the world about the joy inside my garden
In the shade, baby
'Cause my world was spinning 'round
Until you made my love come down
Never gonna let you go, no
I'm never gonna let you go

Lately all the flowers seem to be so plain
(All of the flowers seem so plain)
Can you call a rose by any other name? (Any other name)
Here inside your garden it's like I feel I'm changed
(I've been changed)
Can you call a rose by any other name? (Any other name)

(Mmm, baby) Anything you want
(Anything you want) Anything you need
(Ooh baby) I can make it better
(I know you can, for sure you can) Just for you
('Cause you're my lady)
Anything you want, baby (Anything you want)
I can make a change (Oh yeah)
Can you call a rose by any other name?
(No, no, no, no, lady, play with me, yeah)
Come on and play with me
(Like the pretty rose you are)
Your flower (My flower)
Are you strong enough to be my man?
(Girl, I'll run across a desert sand)
That's my man, never gonna let you go
(Baby, don't you let me go)
I'm never gonna let you go
(Never, never let me go)
Lately all the flowers seem to be so plain
(Lately the flowers seem so plain) (Seem so plain)
Can you call a rose by any other name?
(Can you call a rose by any other name, baby?)
Here inside your garden it's like I feel I'm changed
(I've been changed)
Can you call a rose by any other name?
(Can you call a rose by) (Any other name) (Oh oh)

(Anything you want, baby) Anything you want
(Whatever you want)
(Anything you need) Anything you need
(Whatever you need) I can make it better
(I know you can) Just for you
(For sure you can) Just for you
Anything you want, baby (Anything you want)
I can make a change
Can you call a rose by any other name? (Say)
There's one thing, there's one thing, there's one thing I know
A rose is a rose is a rose is a rose
There's no other flower in my heart that grows
A rose is a rose
A rose is a rose
Oh, my flower
My rose, my flower
Growing, growing
Yes, you are
Growing, growing, growing, growing, growing
Yes, you are
Oh
Yes, you are