Calmly, feel myself evolving
Appalling, so much I'm not divulging
Been stalling, I think I hear applauding, they're calling
Mixtapes aren't my thing, but it's been awfully exhausting
Hanging on to songs this long is daunting
Which caused me to have to make a call I thought was ballsy
Resulting in what you see today, proceed indulging
As always, the one-trick pony's here, so quit your sulking

Born efficient, got ambition, sorta vicious, yup, that's me
Not artistic, unrealistic, chauvinistic, not those things
Go the distance, so prolific, posts are cryptic, move swiftly
Unsubmissive, the king of mischief, the golden ticket, rare sight to see
I stay committed, embrace the rigid, I'm playful with it, yeah, basically
Too great to mimic, you hate, you're bitter, no favoritism, that's fine with me
Create the riddles, portrayed uncivil, unsafe a little, oh, yes, indeed
It's plain and simple, I'm far from brittle, unbreakable, you're following?
I'm Bruce Willis in a train wreck
I'm like trading in your car for a new jet
I'm like having a boss getting upset
'Cause you asked him for less on your paycheck
I'm like doing headstands with a broke neck
I'm like watching your kid take his first steps
I'm like saying Bill Gates couldn't pay rent 'cause he's too broke
Where am I going with this?
See Our Last Night LiveGet tickets as low as $50You might also like
Unbelievable, yes, yes, inconceivable
See myself as fairly reasonable
But at times I can be stubborn, so
If I have to, I will rock the boat
I don't tend to take the easy road
That's just not the way I like to roll
What you think's probably unfeasible
I've done already a hundredfold
A hundredfold, it's probable
That I might press the envelope
Ideas so astronomical
Sometimes I find 'em comical
Yeah, incomparable
Replay value phenomenal
Beat selection remarkable
Slowing me down, impossible

I don't rock no Rollies
I don't hang around no phonies
I don't really got no trophies
And I don't know why God chose me
Got something in the cup, ain't codeine
Change my style, they told me
Now they come around like, "Homie"
Man, y'all better back up slowly, back up slowly
Who are you kidding?
How could you doubt me? I've always delivered
Ripping the teeth outta the back of my mouth's
The closest you get to my wisdom
See, my initial thought was to wait
But what can I say? I had to come visit
Check on you guys, you're doing alright?
Your year really sucked? Yeah, that's what I figured
They cover their heads up whenever I drop
Shake the whole industry, put 'em in shock
Come out the clouds like a meteor rock
Then land on the earth like, "Ready or not?"
Ain't no one like me, the cream of the crop
Don't even front better, give me some props
I pick up your body and throw it a block
Okay, I admit it, that's over the top, not

Deer in the headlights, looks
Every time I step my foot
On the ground, I get mistook
For a lame with no weight to his name, ground just shook
Let's not beat around the bush
Even my B-sides throw 'em off like, "How's he do it?"
Some say I'm a great influence
I don't know about that, but I did do the best I could
"Hollywood, Hollywood
Hope Nate doesn't go Hollywood"
You think that you know me good?
You think that you know me good?
"Hollywood, Hollywood
Hope Nate doesn't go Hollywood"
You think that you know me good?
You think that you know me?

I always advance
Say how I feel, you know where I stand
Raising the bar, I gotta expand
Top of the charts, I'm setting up camp
Pound in my stakes, I put up my tent
Shoot for the stars, they fall in my hand
Stick to my guns, I don't even flinch
Can push all you want, ain't moving an inch
I rarely miss, you know I'm relentless
Ain't got a choice, no way to prevent it
Just who I am and I don't regret it
See what I want and then I go get it
Followed my gut, I'm happy I did it
Beat all the odds, I ain't got no limits
Cannot be stopped, you're paying attention?