Big Syke Daddy!
*laughter*  Putos
Y'all better get ready ese for my homeboy Big Syke

I'm high till I die, drunk till I'm gone
Everybody wanna talk but leave me alone
Homie snatched up by the feds, little brothers dead
And all I see is murder and troubled waters ahead
So I'm trapped in pain, cause momma won't stop cryin'
Got nothin' to gain in the game forever tryin'
Will I lose so I choose to be a killa
So when you mention Syke they say, fuck that nigga
But I don't give a fuck I'm drivin' buckets
Stackin' duckets, tryna get my mail
Constantly worried about death in jail
So I'm stayin' high why even try, Glocks to the sky
It's either me or the enemy somebody gonna die
But nobody cares the world is so ungrateful
It ain't fair my woman dropped me after being faithful
I can't take it I smoke a pack a day
It's like I'm goin' cracked away
What you say? It's about them high dollaz

Time's revolvin' can you see the change? (That's what somebody told me)
Never solvin' things will always stay the same (So get yo' money)
Time's revolvin' can you feel the pain? (Ain't nothin' changed)
Never solvin' things will always stay the same
You might also like
Dear mister president I represent the ghetto
Tell ya wife hello, I'll be brief with this kinda grief
Niggas is locked up set blocked up penitentiary lies
Mo' niggas in jail than baptized
For centuries minority families pockets stay lackin'
Homeless shelters overcrowdin' and you still taxin'
Homies dyin' now who got the clout, not me
You get more time for 5 grams and a half a ki
Blacks poppin' rocks, whites on the powder grind
Yo I don't test mine, rather die than let you see me cry
So I'm lost what's the cost for a crime boss
It depends on the color of the sauce
Democrats Republicans stumblin' to the concrete
Cause they covered by white sheets
Can't compete with you scandalous politicians
So every fuckin' night, I'm on a mission
Highdolla gangbangin'

Time's revolvin' can you (Fool!) See the change? (What else can a nigga do?)
Never solvin' things will always stay the same (I ain't got no 40 million dollar contract, pay an old balla' nothin')
Time's revolvin' can you feel the pain? (Wanna get my chips nigga)
Never solvin' things will always stay the same (Somebody give me a record deal)

Still caught between my woman and my pistol and my chips
I'm surrounded by blood and crips, will I trip?
I need money disjunction, show 'em why I can't function
Ain't that something for nothing?
Who in the fuck do I look like?
To go from Little Syke to Big Syke overnight
Bangin' tight since '79 rollin' perimeters
From January to December, can you remember?
Big homies puttin' in work, 6-4s in the dirt
Going body wid your Gs till ya knuckles hurt
In the land of the lost where it cost to bang
So I made it off the street fame fuck the rap game
It's a shame so much pressure and pain
Niggas can't maintain cause on the streets they got busta status
Now you a killin' apparatus nigga come now
Vow to stay a hog till the day I die
While busta niggas wanna try
This highdolla gangbangin'
Time's revolvin' can you see the change?
Never solvin' things will always stay the same
Time's revolvin' can you feel the pain?