Got saved, been saved
Too saved, been praisin' and
Livin' for Me for a long long time
Workin' hard stayin' on that grind that's right
Sayin' you wanna be avaylable
Touchin' lives and blessin' souls
Never been ashamed of that ol' gospel
Holdin' on and ya show 'nuff wanna let go
But there's a little something I've noticed
I've held My tongue so you can stay focused but
It's been a while since you called My Name
Or even prayed like you used to in the good ol' days
Yea I see you shining like a star
But I think you've gotten comfortable with where you are
So much I wanna show ya
So much I have for ya

So come up a little higher, higher, higher, higher, high...
(Come up a little higher, higher, higher, higher, high...)

(Higher) is where I wanna take ya
(Further) is where I want you to go
(Wider) every city every nation
(I) I really love you so
But you gotta go deeper
Gotta increase the Word ya know
So I can show a little more
So you can preach the gospel
(Eyes have not seen)
Don't nobody know
What I have in store for you
To fly a little higher
You gotta let your wingspan grow
Just desire and want Me
Keep your spirit man wanting
Don't lose your zeal
Stay hungry
You might also like
Come up a little higher, yea (higher, higher, higher, high...)
(Come up a little higher, higher, higher, higher, high...)

Just put your trust in Me
I've got everything that you need
Hope you're not afraid of heights
If you are then you'll be alright
Oh, don't close your eyes, no
Spread your wings and fly
Get comfortable 'cause this is your life
High in the sky with Me, come on and fly with Me
As we go high...as we go high...high..ohhh high...
(Come up a little higher, higher, higher, higher, high...)
(Come up a little higher, higher, higher, higher, high...)
(Come up a little higher, higher, higher, higher, high...)
I wanna take you higher, I wanna take you high
(Come up a little higher, higher, higher, higher, high...)
Wanna take you higher, higher, come fly with Me
(Come up a little higher, higher, higher, higher, high...)
(Come up a little higher, higher, higher, higher, high...)
As we go higher
And we go higher
Oh as we go high