(I hate you)
You a lie, you a cheat, you defeated
(I hate you)
From the depths of my soul man I mean it
(You wanted to kill me) To kill me yea
(but it ain't gon' be easy) Noo
('Cause I hate you)
Yeah I'ma stand my ground and I'ma fight
Through blood of the Lamb of Jesus Christ!
(I rebuke you I see what you're tryin' to do so I wrote this song for you, yes you, 'cause I hate you)

Neva' had a feelin' like this before
I ain't neva really like you since I came to the Lord
All stunts that you're pullin' really gettin' on my nerves
Forget what you used to forget what you heard
The Word: A light, a lamp, unto the feet I walk with
The more I eat the more I hate the mouth that you talk with
Holiness before me pull me back when I get near it
I'd punch you in the face if you weren't a spirit

But the enemy comes from 'neath to steal, kill and to destroy ya
Doesn't matter the race ya'll
Man, woman, girl and boy yeah
Oh he don't care nothin' 'bout ya
He's trying to take you out
It feels good but you're dying man
He's nasty and he's mean come on the winnin' team
Don't play wit em no more you'll see I had to let em go
You might also like
'Cause I hate you
(I hate You!)
You a lie and the truth ain't in ya
(I hate you!)
Tried to kill my parents, my brother, my sister
(You wanted to kill me, but it ain't goin' be easy no)
To kill me, ain't gon' be easy no
('Cause I hate you)
I despise you with all my soul
(I hate you) I'm disgusted by your presence alone
(I rebuke you, I see what you're tryin' to do
So I wrote this song for you, yes you 'cause I hate you)

I am upright, yes God can mold me
Yes I'm saved and my body's holy
Yes I was guilty but Christ died for me
Don't believe the lie ya'll the devil's phony
He just mad 'cause he can't hold me no more
God opened doors he can't close
Tryin' take me out yeah he came close
I gotta word now ya'll and I'm throwin' 'bows

Like no weapon formed against me ya'll, it can never prosper
Never seen the righteous of the LORD forsaken
Nor His seed beggin' bread, yeah
So on the real though I'm tired of this mess
Sick of this thing that we all call flesh
Holy Ghost burnin' up better do what It do
And I'ma sprinkle all the ashes on you! Yes you!
(I hate You!)
You try to make me do wrong when I'm right
(I hate you!)
Trying to speak that to my new life
(You wanted to kill me, but it ain't goin' be easy)
I'ma make hard as hell
('Cause I hate you.)
'Cause I refuse to follow you and fail(I hate you)
Ain't liftin' up my eyes up in no hell, no no no
(I rebuke you and see what you're tryin' to do
So I wrote this song for you)
('Cause hate you)
You're an accuser of the saints
(I hate you)
Ain't gonna choose death no more, I can't
(I hate you)
You wanted to kill me but it ain't gon' be easy
I swear I hate every demon in hell, your grand-momma and you
(I hate you)
Ouuuu Satan I just can't stand you
(I rebuke you and see what you're tryin' to do
So I wrote this song for you
Yes you 'cause I hate you)
I hate you, wanna fight you
Can't tell you how much I don't like you
A deceiver and a lie you, you get on my last nerve I despise you
You stupid and simple
Tryin' to defile me, I'm a temple
Now I'm fed up and I want you to know that.......

(I hate you!)
You a lie, you a cheat, you defeated
(I hate you!)
From the depths of my soul man I mean it!
(You wanted to kill me, but it ain't gon' be easy)
('Cause I hate you)
Yeah I'ma stand my ground and fight!
(I hate you)
Through blood of the Lamb of Jesus Christ!
I rebuke you and see what you're tryin' to do so I wrote this song for you, yes you 'cause I hate you
I hate you