Did I do something wrong?

I live by the law of attraction, I want what I'm after
I probably should figure that out
I'm in love with distraction and overreacting
As if I know what it's about
But you can't tell me that you ain't never been wrong before
No, you can't help me
Look, that's not what I'm asking for

And you know I'd never point a finger out at anyone else
It's pointless to look in the mirror and not see yourself
And not see the real, and not just see the man you've become
I got my own school of thought and I'm the only alum
Look, tough times pass, tough people stand the test
I'm staying with my tribe on something like a quest
Haven't done it perfect, got some mistakes, I confess
Bring your brooms, it's a motherfucking mess

Did I do something wrong this time?
Did I give you what you want? Well alright
Did I do something wrong this time?
I gotta stop asking you, there's just something I have to do
I'ma do it all wrong
You might also like
I'm thinking I lead the nation in procrastination
I always find something to do
I got low expectations and no reservations
I know I'm not counting on you
And I don't know now if I could do it over
Would I do it over? Yeah
And I don't know how to do what I'm supposed to do

Look, we did this all on our own, don't need anyone else
Fuck all of your help, shit, we gon' do this all by ourself
We're the CEO, CFO and motherfucking President
Own a day of the week, now, that's a motherfucking precedent
Hansel and Gretel my way back, we're retracing
Had a very special set of skills they were Taken
It's hard not to fake when you're acting
And my only mistake, it was asking

Did I do something wrong this time?
Did I give you what you want? Well alright
Did I do something wrong this time?
I gotta stop asking you, there's just something I have to do
I'ma do it all wrong
Listen, I'm being prophetic, I'm currently on space
There's something y'all should know, let me plead my case
Something changed along the way, made me crazed along the way
Scratching vinyl, so let me set the record straight
There been long nights here and even longer days
Met so many Benedicts, someone pass the hollandaise
Rich girls, Hall and Oates, been on this since '88
Now I'm killing everyday, just so I don't have to say

Did I do something wrong this time?
Did I give you what you want? Well alright
Did I do something wrong this time?
I gotta stop asking you, there's just something I have to do
I'ma do it all wrong

There's just something I have to do