Yo, we gonna try something a little different
Yo, make.. make my voice a little more distorted
Yeah, I don't know if they ready for this
Uh dance (Yeah), uh uh dance (yeah), uh uh dance (yeah), uh uh dance (oh, yeah)
Uh uh, verse

Last night we had an argument
Afterwards I'm feelin' pretty bent
Then I took a drink, and I didn't think
What was in store for me

You don't know, you don't know how she'll take it
Tell me what a simple man could do?
Will she cherish your heart? Will she break it?
Cuz you are everything and everything is you, sing!

You are everything (Yeah, yeah) and everything is you (Yeah yeah)
You are everything (Yeah, yeah) and everything is you (Yeah yeah)
You are everything (Yeah, yeah) and everything is you (Yeah yeah)
You are everything (Yeah, yeah) and everything is you (Yeah yeah)

Listen
Baby, don't want you playin' me
When you're lovin' me, and holdin' me
Ooh, we're fuckin' then you play me
You play me, you play me
You everything to me
I'm wondering if you will see
That I will love you always
You might also like
You don't know, you don't know how she'll take it
Tell me what a simple man could do?
Will she cherish your heart? Will she break it?
Cuz you are everything and everything is you, sing!

You are everything (Yeah, yeah) and everything is you (Yeah yeah)
You are everything (yeah, yeah) and everything is you (My everything)
You are everything (Yeah, yeah) and everything is you (Yeah yeah)
You are everything (Yeah, yeah) and everything is you
(Break it down)

Yeah huh, Ja Rule and Dru Hill, nigga
Baby girl, you tellin' lies
Cuz when I look at you in your face
I could see I'm on your mind
And it don't matter what them hoes may say
I know your love is blind for me
Every bitch needs a thug nigga in their life
Truly, could it be, could it be
You enjoy me fuckin' you while you be lovin' me
Bitch destroy's hoes mentally
That's why they freak with me, frequently
Love is life
No nigga, life is love
Take the baddest bitch, ice her up
After the tour, tell her to keep in touch
Nigga, that's what's up
Being Nokio's a bit much
Got bitches overseas that love to fuck
Got bitches in the states that love to suck
What the fuck y'all want from me
Ghetto celebrity from B'more
Murderer, Do Or Die from the N-Y
Now everybody get right
N-O-K-I-O baby
R to the U to L-E, baby
And yo, alotta y'all bitches hate me
Cuz you can't relate to me
What the fuck you want from me?
Let them hoes know not a thing
Ice the wrist, neck, ear, and rings cuz you know
You are everything!
You are everything (yeah, yeah) and everything is you (my baby)
You are everything (cuz you know, cuz you know)
And everything is you
You are everything and everything is you