All of you niggas beginners to me
Smokin' cookie like it's dinner to me
Lil momma lost without the sauce, but she still lookin' like a winner to me. Big houses that my bitches live in got these hoes wanna give it to me. She wanna pull up and give it to me. I told her "hell naw lil bitch."
Send it to me.(x8)

You want the drippin' then send it to me. You want the pimpin' then send it to me. It don't matter how you get it to me, if you really talkin' 'bout it send it to me. Ooowee!

Thinkin' you can call me for the free dick, lil girl you outta there
Bitch stop payin' me, like a deadbeat dad, I'll be never there
Ima keep a sucka, never square, I got pretty bitches with pretty hair makin' pretty money out in Delaware you wanna meet with me you gotta pay the fair
You want the top Ima take you there
See my garage? It's a wraith in there
Had you denyin', no faith in there
You paid that weak nigga and got nowhere
All of my bitches is spillionaires
They drive whatever they wanna drive. They fly wherever they wanna fly. I turned the bitch to a butterfly; I put them wings on her
I put them diamond chains and them rings on her
You fagged off and got a square bitch pregnant
You Jerry Springed on her
I put the swing on her
Showed her a palace with bitches, I kinged on her
She wanna lean on me
Shout out that X nigga gon' gleam on 'em
Just had a Chinese bitch sent eleven so I Yao Minged on her
Popped at the bitch she don't wanna pay me; Ima send a team on her
Somebody gotta break her
We want it all so we gotta take her
All of my bitches is money makers
You niggas bitter as salt shakers
You might also like
All of you niggas beginners to me
Smokin' cookie like it's dinner to me
Lil momma lost without the sauce, but she still lookin' like a winner to me. Big houses that my bitches live in got these hoes wanna give it to me. She wanna pull up and give it to me. I told her "hell naw lil bitch."
Send it to me.(x8)
You want the drippin' then send it to me. You want the pimpin' then send it to me. It don't matter how you get it to me, if you really talkin' 'bout it send it to me

Thinkin' you gon' play me for a simp or square girl I ain't the one
I'll take my belt off on a dog ass hoe; Uncle Willie's son
Empty the sauce what I really done
Put some diamonds on bitches I really done
Ain't nothin' cheap; The expensive ones
I turnt some losers to winnin' ones
I put some game in her
Bought her a new body; Put some chains in her
You left a bitch outside after work
You let the rain hit her
I let my name hit her
Now she drippin' on you; Hol' up, the fame hit her
I seen the pain in her
Now she ridin' G-Wagon, you was in a Range with her
Valet at Del-Frisco when we eat we don't have plain dinners
Used to sleep with the rats and roaches now I sleep in mansions, I'm a changed nigga
Used to be around a bunch of virgins now I only fuck around with main niggas
All of my niggas be paid nigga. We buy new watches everyday nigga
Just had a lil white bitch send twelve so I had to Tom Brady
Three bitches in United States, one out the country, and they all pay me
I'm livin' better baby
Rockin' my diamonds, no manners baby
I made a set up to get it baby
I can make you ball forever baby. (Ooowee!)

All of you niggas beginners to me
Smokin' cookie like it's dinner to me
Lil momma lost without the sauce, but she still lookin' like a winner to me. Big houses that my bitches live in got these hoes wanna give it to me. She wanna pull up and give it to me. I told her "hell naw lil bitch."
Send it to me.(x8)