Uh, what?
That's right
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Bad Boy
Don't go, don't go, don't go (Baby don't go)
What?, yea
I love you so (uh, uh)
One more chance
Lyrically I, uh, uh
Biggie give me one more chance
Check it out, uh
Lyrically I, uh (Give me one more chance)
One more chance (uh, uh)
What?, uh
Biggie, give me one more chance
Junior M.A.F.I.A., uh, Junior M.A.F.I.A
Remix
Uh

First thing's first, I Poppa, freaks all the honeys (uh huh)
Dummies, (uh) Playboy bunnies, those wantin' money
Those the ones I like 'cause they don't get Nathan but penetration (oh, no, no, no, no)
Unless it smells like sanitation
Gar-bage, I turn like doorknobs
Heart throb, never
Black and ugly as ever
However, I stay Coogi down to the socks
Rings and watch filled with rocks (uh) (yeay, yeah)
And my jam knock in your Mitsubishi (yeah, yeah)
Girls pee-pee when they see me (uh huh)
Navajos creep me in they teepee (uh)
As I lay down laws like I lay carpets
Stop it! (uh) If you think you gonna make a profit (oh, yeah)
Don't see my ones, don't see my guns, get it?
Now tell your friends Poppa hit it, (uh) then split it
In two, as I flow with the Junior M.A.F.I.A. (uh)
I don't know what the hell's stoppin' ya
I'm clockin' ya, Versace shades watchin' ya (uh huh) (don't go, don't go, don't go)
Once ya grin, I'm in, game begins (uh)
First I talk about how I dress in this
In diamond necklaces, (oh, baye, baye, baby) (uh) stretch Lexuses (woo, woo, woo)
The sex is just immaculate
From the back, I get deeper and deeper, (uh) help you reach the
Climax that your man can't make (uh) (come on, come on)
Call him, tell him you'll be home real late
And sing the break, uh
You might also like
Baby here I am
I got that good love girl, you didn't know?
Here I am
All I need is one more chance
One more chance
I can help (uh) you find yourself
I got that good love (uh) girl, you didn't know?
'Cause you don't need (uh, uh, uh) nobody else (Remix)
One more chance

She's sick of that song on how it's so longgggg
Thought he worked his until I handled my biz
There I is! (uh)
Major Payne like Damon Wayans (uh huh)
Low Down Dirty, even, like his brother Keenan, (oh yeah) schemin' (uh)
Don't leave your girl 'round me!
True playa for real, ask Puff Daddy (yeaaa, yeaa)
You ringin' bells with bags from Chanel
Baby Benz, (Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah) traded in your Hyundai Excel (uh)
Fully equipped, CD changer with the cell (Don't go, don't go, don't go)
She beeped me "Meet me at twelve" (uh)
Where you at? Flippin' jobs, payin' car notes? (yeaaa)
While I'm swimmin' in your women like the breast stroke (uh huh)
Right stroke, left stroke was the best stroke
Death stroke, tongue all down her throat (uh huh)
Nuttin' left to do but send her home to you
I'm through, can you sing the song for me, boo?
One more chance (One more chance)
I got (uh, uh) that good love girl, you didn't know?
Biggie give me one more chance (uh)
Give me one more (uh) chance
One more chance
Biggie give me one more chance
I got that good love girl, you didn't know?
Biggie, give me one more chance (uh, what, uh)
One more chance

So what's it gonna be? Him or me? (uh)
We can cruise the world with pearls, gator boots for girls (uh huh)
The envy of all women, crushed linen
Cartier (oh, yeah, yeah, yeah) wrist-wear with diamonds in 'em (woo, woo)
The finest women I love with a passion
Ya man's a wimp, I give that ass a good thrashin' (yeay, yeah)
High fashion, flyin' into all states (uh)
Sexin' me while your man masturbates (uh, uh, uh)
Isn't this great? Your flight leaves at eight (don't go, don't go, don't go)
Her flight lands at nine, my game just rewinds (uh)
Lyrically, I'm supposed to represent (what)
I'm not only a client, I'm the playa President (uh)
One more chance
I got that good love girl, you didn't know?
Biggie give me one more chance (One more chance)
One more chance
Baby here I am
Biggie give me one more chance
I got that good love girl, you didn't know?
All I need is one more chance! (come on, come on)
One (9, 5) more chance
I can help you find yourself
I got that good love girl, you didn't know?
Biggie give me one more chance
'Cause you don't need nobody else (Bad Boy)
One more chance
Baby here I am
Don't go, don't go, don't go
Biggie give me one more chance
I got that good love girl, you didn't know? (east coast)
All I need (west coast) (yeay yeah, yeah) is one more chance!