If you want to get hip to a brand new trip
They got a new soul singer, she's really dynamite
Jam up, jelly tight, out of sight, alright, ow!
Well, she may be small, just two feet tall
But if you give her half a chance, she'll pin you to the wall
She's a little showstopper, you're gonna have a ball
She can sing, she can dance, she can really do it all, yeah
And now, ladies and gentlemen, without further ado
It is indeed a great pleasure to introduce to you
Held over for three weeks and getting rave reviews
Here's Bridget the midget, the queen of the blues
Here's Bridget, ha ha ha ha
Thank you, folks, ha ha
Thank you
I want to know something
Do you feel alright? (Yeah)
Oh, come on now, you can do better than that
Do you feel alright? (Yeah!)
Wow, that makes me feel so good
Let me hear it again
Do you feel alright? (Yeah!)
You might also likeOoo, ooh ooh ooh ooh
Yeah, yeah, yeah, ha ha ha ha
Alright, ha ha ha
Alright, ha ha ha
Here we go now
Is everybody ready?
Here we go, everybody sock it to me
Yo ho ho ho ho (Yo ho ho ho ho), ha ha ha ha
Yo ho ho ho ho (Yo ho ho ho ho)
Ooh, yeah! (Yeah!)
Well, come on, everybody, have you heard the news?
Bridget's in town, put on your rockin' shoes
Into my bag and doing my thing
Rock it to me, sock it to me, listen to me sing
Singing ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Oh, I dig it, I really dig it
Hey, get away from the stage there, fellow!
But I dig it
Now folks, get ready for an extra special treat
She can lay down a beat she's a real entrancer
Here's Bridget the midget and her flying feet
The world's one and only go-go tap dancer, go!
Ha ha ha ha
Ooh!
Oh-ho, I dig it, I really dig it
Hey, sit down, fellow, you can't come up on the stage
But I dig it, oh!
Now here's the moment we've all waited for
Three singing little cuties that we all adore
You've heard them with Bridget on all of her hits
They lay down a groove and the sound never quits
They got what it takes, there ain't no doubt
Strawberry and The Shortcakes, work it on out, ow!
(Shooby doo-wop-wop)
(Shooby doo-wop-wop) Oh, let me hear it!
(Shooby doo-wop-wop) How precious!
(Shooby doo-wop-wop)
(Shooby doo-wop-wop) Yeah
(Shooby doo-wop-wop)
Well, come on, everybody, have you heard the news?
Bridget's in town, put on your rockin' shoes
Into my bag and doing my thing
Rock it to me, sock it to me, listen to me sing
Singing ooh!
(Shooby doo-wop-wop)
(Shooby doo-wop-wop)
Oh, I dig it, I really dig it!
Hey, watch it! You can't do that, fellow!
But I dig it, I love you, Bridget!