Trying to reach my destination before the sun went down
The old CB was blaring away on channel one-nine
When there came a little boy's voice on the radio line
And he said, "Breaker, one-nine, is anyone there?
Come on back, truckers, and talk to Teddy Bear."
Well, I keyed the mike and I said, "Well, you got it,Teddy Bear."
And the little boy's voice came back on the air
"'Preciate the break. Who we got on that end?"
I told him my handle, and then he began:
"Now, I'm not supposed to bother you fellas out there
Mom says you're busy and for me to stay off the air
But, you see, I get lonely and it helps to talk
'Cause that's about all I can do. I'm crippled and I can't walk."
I came back and told him to fire up that mike
And I'd talk to him as long as he'd like
"This was my dad's radio," the little boy said
"But I guess it's mine and Mom's now 'cause my daddy's dead
Dad had a wreck about a month ago
He was trying to get home in a blinding snow
Mom has to work now to make ends meet
And I'm not much help with my two crippled feet
She says not to worry, that we'll make it all right
But I hear her crying sometimes late at night
You know, there's one thing I want more than anything else to see
Aw, I know you guys are too busy to bother with me
But, you see, my dad used to take me for rides when he was home
But I guess that's all over now since my daddy's gone."
Not one breaker came on the old CB
As that little crippled boy talked with me
I tried hard to swallow, the lump just wouldn't stay down
As I thought about my boy back in Greenville town
"Dad was gonna take Mom and me with him later on this year
Why, I remember him saying, 'Someday this old truck'll be yours, Teddy Bear.'
But I know I'll never get to ride an 18-wheeler again
But this old base will keep me in touch with all my trucker friends
Teddy Bear's gonna back on out now and leave you alone
'Cause it's about time for Mom to come home
But you give me a shout when you're passing through
And I'll sure be happy to come back to you."
Well, I came back and I said, "Before you go ten-ten
What's your home-twenty, little CB friend?"
Well, he gave me his address and I didn't once hesitate
'Cause this hot load of freight was just gonna have to wait
I turned that truck around on a dime
And headed straight for Jackson Street, 229
And as I rounded the corner, boy, I got one heck of a shock--
Eighteen-wheelers were lined up for three city blocks!
Why, I guess every driver for miles around had caught Teddy Bear's call
And that little crippled boy was having a ball
For as fast as one driver would carry him in
Another would carry him to his truck and take off again
Well, you better believe I took my turn at riding Teddy Bear
And then I carried him back in and put him down in his chair
And, buddy, if I never live to see happiness again
I want you to know I saw it that day, in the face of that little man
We took up a collection for him before his mama got home
And each driver said goodbye and then they were all gone
He shook my hand with a mile-long grin
And said, "So long, trucker, I'll catch you again!"
I hit that interstate with tears in my eyes
And I turned on the radio and I got another surprise
"Breaker, one-nine," came a voice on the air
"Just one word of thanks from Mama Teddy Bear
We wish each and every one a special prayer for you
'Cause you just made my little boy's dream come true
I'll sign off now before I start to cry