Aye, yo Smoove, drop the beat

Okay, I produced this track (Yeah)
Now watch this abortion as I kill this batch (Dead)
I get get cheese, and them know that
And if you know me, you know him no rat
Never that
I be stackin' money while you stackin' problems
Got a lot of broads numbers, but I never call 'em (Hah)
White girls are my favorite (Yep)
'Cause when I blaze it, they say I'm F-in' awesome
I'm only gettin' better and you for tha blossom
Bitches forever gettin' wetter and I'm only talkin'
Say a couple words, soak 'em up
Everything I say real talk, soak it up
If you break it down, we gone smoke it up
All aboard the elevator. Where we goin'? Goin' up
Talkin' money for a show, then we showin' up (Yep)
And we might leave with 10 bitches, knowin' us
(Go. Yeah)

Aye, JayAre, Are we ever gone stop?
Naw, we gone go. We gone go
Aye, Smoove , Are we ever gone stop?
Naw, we gone go. We gone go
Aye, JayAre, Are we ever gone stop?
Naw, we gone go. We gone go
Aye, Smoove , Are we ever gone stop?
Naw, we gone go. We gone go
You might also like
Ay. First verse, I got a little cocky
Shit, I can do that when gettin' money my only hobby
Ay, I be ridin' on them Ashanti's like Irv Gotti (Yeah)
Wit a bad mommy, niggas be jockin' her curve body (Yo!)
You messin' wit us, but we messin' wit er'body
Y'all just a soft imitation. We the hard copy (Yeah)
So copy us. Ain't no stoppin' us
We ain't no muthafuckin' pizza, ain't no toppin' us
Er'body know my niggas got a lot of bucks (Paid)
So we keep a eye out for niggas tryna plot on us
Not on us. (Nope)
Cain't let it happen (Never)
We can get like dry lips, and get it crackin' (Bah!)
Aye, I just wanna go and keep my paper stackin' (Money)
Er'ything I do real. I ain't with the actin' (One hundred)
Keep it 100, 'cause I said so (Yeah)
And I ain't ran into no bitch that ever said no (What?)
(Go)

Aye, JayAre, Are we ever gon' stop?
Naw, we gon' go. We gon' go
Aye, Smoove, Are we ever gon' stop?
Naw, we gon' go. We gon' go
Aye, JayAre, Are we ever gon'  stop?
Naw, we gon' go. We gon' go
Aye, Smoove, Are we ever gon'  stop?
Naw, we gon' go. We gon' go
I am on the G-O
Like first gear if I'm steering a speedboat
Mean on the beat (Who?), Tyrone and D-Bo
'Cause me and Smoove get things just for the people
Whole lot of love (What?)
Whole lot of females, wit details
I'll reach the top like a steeple (Hah!)
My flow lethal, you can almost feel me
You know JayAre, but you don't know the real me
Ha, but I'm still gonna get it in
I'ma whip the Benz, even if the light red
Burn rubber down the block, 'til they pop like whiteheads
And I run the street with a chick and some nice legs
Tattoos, my shit, 'cause I got some new inks
Zone like 2, 3. Cash comin' to me
Who me? Yeah, you
Third on the verse
Me and Smoove go and always come first like
(Go)

Aye, JayAre, Are we ever gon' stop?
Naw, we gon' go. We gon' go
Aye, Smoove, Are we ever gon' stop?
Naw, we gon' go. We gon' go
Aye, JayAre, Are we ever gon'  stop?
Naw, we gon' go. We gon' go
Aye, Smoove, Are we ever gon'  stop?