Bitches love it, Rock n Republic
Tell the DJ to play my song, tell the DJ to play my song
Bitches love it, Rock n Republic
Tell the DJ to play my song, tell the DJ to play my song

They keep saying man, the heat is on
I won't' say another word 'til the beat is on
Make a scientist rethink my dome
You think I'm wrong
Try me, you'll be dressed up, sleep alone
We'll sing along on like girls on a speaker phone
Freaky girl, saying can I keep you home?
Hip-hop is like hair and I keep a comb in
I rip every track 'til the beats are golden
R & R jeans just sagging on
My back is strong
Them kush fumes tag along
I'm 5'6", single, with tats blasted on
I got the blunt to my lip like a saxophone
Fuck a cartoon, I had Madden  on
And ? like Sponge Bob before the ? is home
That shit's money in my pocket, like daddy's home
From a long day of work
With a blunt to make it work
And all of my ...
You might also like
Bitches love it, Rock n Republic
Tell the DJ to play my song, tell the DJ to play my song
Bitches love it, Rock n Republic
Tell the DJ to play my song, tell the DJ to play my song

This is the shit that will fuck with your ear
Like ?
That killing shit that will make them fear
Make them duck in the crowed like there's pistols near
The name is Yung and I came from no place
And that's my glove they thought belong to OJ
I let my pants sag, no shirt on my back
Now why in the hell will I cover the tat? (nope)
A lethal weapon
Y'all niggas half steppin
We ill, no protection
Y'all ?
So DJ, put the song on replay
So I can run these girls like a relay
And get paid off a sale like eBay
And it's time like I cancelled all prepaids
And I'll be rocking like strings and drums
And his hands in the air like four fingers and thumbs
And I ...
Bitches love it, Rock n Republic
Tell the DJ to play my song, tell the DJ to play my song
Bitches love it, Rock n Republic
Tell the DJ to play my song, tell the DJ to play my song

The beat's banging, I ain't gotta twist my fingers up
I spit bullets, so it's like I keep a burner tucked
And I can give it to the winner and the runner up
Back in Inglewood, I'm the number one stunner, what?
Summer's here, so we're about to fuck the summer up
And ball all year just to fuck another summer up
That's year 'round so you niggas better listen up
Talking about beef when you really like to chicken up
DJ play this motherfucking song
And ? appear, and that's the king on the throne
And we don't dog these bitches, we just give them a bone
Favorite letters, D and G
I get the dome and gone
Four puffs, then I'm on a zone like defense
I'm up every day, you niggas live for the weekends
Daredevil flow and I'm jumping off the deep end
With bitches in VIP
You niggas gotta sneak in
Bitches love it, Rock n Republic
Tell the DJ to play my song, tell the DJ to play my song
Bitches love it, Rock n Republic