Teach me how to dougie (aye!)

They be like smooth (what?)
Can u teach me how to dougie?
You know why?
Cause all da girls love it (aye)
All I need is a beat that's super bumpin'
And for you, you, and you to back it up and dump it!
Put your arms out front, lean side to side
They goin' be on you when they see you hit dat dougie right?
Ain't nobody gettin' with my bro from morningside
He go by bubba and he hit dat dance with thunder (ok)
I ain't from Dallas but I D-town boogie (boogie)
I show my moves off and everybody tryn'a do me
I leave da function and all da ladies tryna screw me
Now you just do you, and I'm a do me (all day)
Dudes love to hate so they try to shoot me
Females be stuck to me I think they tryn'a glue me
I make the party shine bright when it start to boomin'
Dis beat was bubblegum, so I had to chew it

Teach me how to dougie
Teach me-teach me how to dougie
Teach me how to dougie
Teach me-teach me how to dougie
Errbody love me
Err-errbody love me
Errbody love me
You ain't messin with my dougie!
You might also like
My name is young!
For da dudes who don't know me
I know I'm from da west but I can teach you how to dougie
I step up in da club and all these girls bug me
Ya boy dancin, none of them know me
I hear da crowd screamin they like "aye! Get it Brody! "
So I move my shoulders and I take it real low
Dey like how we do dat he can dougie on the floor
And when ya boy stop they like dougie some more
I'm like ya boy kinda tired so I pass it to da bro
M-bone! show these cats how to do dat
Down south dance now we learned a lil too fast
Dat we learned a lil too fast
And bought it to da hood and got da whole crew cast


Back of the party ion't really like to boogie
I'm a put that in a way and try to meet a redbone
(Mmm) She do da dougie and every girl hatin
But I'm thinking bout escaping with her to head home
She got her friends so if it's to wet
And I run it run it even if her legs long
She like you my hubby I think she love me but
I change da subject and I do my dougie
All the bros call me lucky
Cause they see the girl I'm with and we ready so we rushin'
I turned off my kick cause I don't wanna hear no fussin
Cali Swag got the haters under they breath cussin
AHHH! Man you can't tell me nothing
Starr made the beat I just took it out the oven
I just need to dougie when everybody clubbin'
And they holla C.S.D. (cause they know we keep it bumpin)