My heart is beatin' from me
I am standin' all alone
Please call me only
If you are comin' home
Waste another year flies by
Waste a night or two
You taught me how to live

In the streets of shame
Where you've lost your dreams in the rain
There's no signs of hope
The stems and seeds of the last of the dope
There's a glow of light
The St. Jimmy is the spark in the night
Bearing gifts and trust
A fixture in the city of lust

What the hell's your name?
What's your pleasure? What is your pain?
Do you dream too much?
Do you think what you need is a crutch?
See Green Day LiveGet tickets as low as $24You might also like
In the crowd of pain
St. Jimmy comes without any shame
He says, "We're fucked up, but we're not the same
And Mom and Dad are the ones you can blame"

Jimmy died today
He blew his brains out into the bay
In the state of mind
It's my own private suicide

Well, nobody cares, well, nobody cares
Does anyone care if nobody cares?
Well, nobody cares, well, nobody cares
Does anyone care if nobody cares?

Jesus fillin' out paperwork now
At the facility on East 12th Street
He's not listening to a word now
He's in his own world and he's daydreaming
He'd rather be doin' somethin' else now
Like cigarettes and coffee with the underbelly
His life's on the line with anxiety now
And she had enough, and he had plenty
Somebody get me out of here
Anybody get me out of here
Somebody get me out of here
Get me the fuck right out of here

(Ah) So far away, I don't wanna stay (La-la-la)
(Ah) Get me outta here right now (La-la-la-la)
(Ah) I just wanna be free, is there a possibility? (La-la-la)
(Ah) Get me outta here right now
(Ow, ow)
(Ow, ow) Right
This lifelike dream ain't for me


I fell asleep while watching Spike TV
After ten cups of coffee and you're still not here
Dreamin' of a song, but somethin' went wrong
And you can't tell anyone 'cause no one's here

Left me here alone
And I shoulda stayed home
After ten cups of coffee, I'm thinkin'
(Where'd you go?) Nobody likes you, everyone left you
(Where'd you go?) They're all out without you, havin' fun
(Where'd you go?) Everyone left you, nobody likes you
(Where'd you go?) They're all out without you, havin' fun
(Where'd you go, go, go, go?)

Jeez

Huh
I got a rock and roll band, I got a rock and roll life
I got a rock and roll girlfriend and another ex-wife
I got a rock and roll house, I got a rock and roll car
I play the shit out the drums and I can play the guitar
I got a kid in New York, I got a kid in the Bay
I haven't drank or smoked nothin' in over twenty-two days
(Don't want to be an American idiot)
So get off my case, off of my case
Off of my case

Hey

Here they come, marchin' down the street (Ooh-ooh-ooh)
Like a desperation murmur of a heartbeat (Ooh-ooh-ooh)
Comin' back from the edge of town
Underneath their feet
The time has come and it's goin' nowhere (Ooh-ooh-ooh)
Nobody ever said that life was fair now (Ooh-ooh-ooh)
Go-carts and guns are treasures they will bear
In the summer heat

The world is spinnin' 'round and 'round out of control again
The 7-Eleven to the fear of breakin' down
So send my love a letterbomb
And visit me in Hell
We're the ones goin'

Home, we're comin' home again
Home, we're comin' home again

I started fuckin' runnin' as soon as my feet touched ground
We're back in the barrio, and to you and me, that's Jingletown

That's home, we're comin' home again
Home, we're comin' home again
Home, we're comin' home again
Home, we're comin' home again
Home, we're comin' home again
Home, oh, we're comin' home again
Home, we're comin' home again
Home, we're comin' home again
(No, fuck you, just go, I don't care)
(I don't, I don't know, I smashed my phone)
(Just go, I don't care, I don't, I don't know, I smashed my phone)

Nobody likes you, everyone left you