Dreamed of you this morning
Then came the dawn and
I thought that you were here with me
If you could only see how much I love you
You'd want to trust me

(I was really lovin' you, baby) Oh, in my dream
(I was really lovin' you, baby) I was loving you
(I was really lovin' you, baby) Every place
(Really, really lovin' you, baby) That you wanted me to

(I'd like to do it now) Since I believe in dreams and fantasies
(I've got to give you everything)
I'd like to make love to you right there baby
Ooh, I've got this real strong need to love you everywhere
I won't stop until I find your passions flowing like wine
Baby, baby, please let me do it to you

(Oh no, I never gave up no head, baby) I never, gave head before
(Always) But there's always the first time, you know
So I made up my mind (Come on baby, first time)
(Come on baby) Soon I'll be loving you
(Come on baby) That's all I'm interested in
(Come on baby, come on baby, come on baby)
I've made up my mind (Come on baby)
Soon I'll be loving you (Oh, come on baby)
Girl, I know what I'm gonna do (Come on baby, come on baby)
You might also like
I can't wait to touch you, to give you that feeling
Eat you up my dear, so that your mood will be revealing, baby
And soon as I know I've got you willing, baby

I'm going to give you some head, baby (Giving up my life, keeping up the faith) (Gonna give you some head!)
I'm gone knock you right up, woman (That's what I'll do because I'm hung up on you)
I'm going to give you some head, sugar (Giving up my life, keeping up the faith) (Gonna give you some head!)
I know what to do (That's what I'll do because I'm hung up on you)
I want to give you some head (Giving up my life, keeping up the faith) (Gonna give you some head!)
Ah, you big fine woman (That's what I'll do because I'm hung up on you)
Woo, I love to give it, baby (Giving up my life, keeping up the faith) (Gonna give you some head!)
'Cause I know just what to do with it (That's what I'll do because I'm hung up on you)
Ah I'm going to give the ultimate love, baby, the ultimate love, baby (Giving up my life, keeping up the faith) (Gonna give you some head!)
Don't you know I can handle you? (That's what I'll do because I'm hung up on you)
Soon, soon, soon, soon (Giving up my life, keeping up the faith) (Gonna give you some head!)
I'll be loving you oh Janis (That's what I'll do because I'm hung up on you)
Ow! Ooh (Giving up my life, keeping up the faith) (Gonna give you some head!)
You're so fine, ooh (That's what I'll do because I'm hung up on you)
Oh, now, now, now, now, baby, ow! (Giving up my life, keeping up the faith) (Gonna give you some head!)