You know
When you say your marriage vows
They're supposed to be for real, I mean
If you think back about what you really said, you know, about honor, and loving and obeying until death do us part and all
But it shouldn't be that way, it should, it should, it shouldn't be lies because though, it turns out to be lies
If you don't honor what you said, you've lied to God
The words should be changed

Ooh, now as I recall, we tried a million times
Again, again and again (And that isn't all)
And that isn't all, I gave my love to you
Each time to make amends (Ooh, baby)
Suddenly, I start to realize I can't make it
Pretty birds fly away
I had to leave you for my health's sake
What to do? Make you pay
For leaving you, my fine, is to pay forever
So if a fresh new love comes in, I won't say those words again
Instead I'll say I'll try to love and protect you
With all my heart, as long as you want me to, baby
Ooh, if I love again, I'm gonna try a new way this time
Memories of the things we did
Some we're proud of, some we hid
So when two people have to part, sometimes it makes them stronger
You might also likeDo you remember all of the bullshit, baby? Yeah, yeah
You say you love me with all your heart
If you ever loved me with all of your heart
You'd never take a million dollars to part

I really tried
You know I tried, oh baby
Although we tried
All of those promises was nothin' but lies
But I really tried
You know how hard I tried, really tried
(All that rehearsing, baby)
We really lied, didn't we baby?
And on top of that, you have scandalized my name (Ooh)

What I can't understand is if you love me
How could you turn me in to the police? (Ooh)
Didn't I love you good and try to take care of you?
Best I could
You were so divine
And your love was like mellow wine
Pains of love, miles of tears, enough to last me for my lifetime
Broken hearts last for years, so break away to the new-day sunshine
One thing I can promise, friend; I'll never be back again
But I'm not really bitter, babe (All the luck in the world)
I wish you all the luck and all the love in the world (All the good love in the world)
Good luck in the world (Ooh)
But I know you'll never be satisfied (Luck in the world)
No, you still want me standin' by your side (Good love in the world)
Memories haunt you all the time
I will never leave your mind
Got judgment on your side
You've said bad things and you've lied
Still, I remember some of the good things, baby
Like love after dark and picnics in parks
Those are the days I'll not forget in my life
I'd rather remember, remember the joy we shared, baby
I'd rather remember all the fun we had
All I ever really wanted was
To love you and treat you right
All we did was fuss and fight
It don't matter baby
Take a lesson from it all (Ooh, hey, come on, come on, come on)
I never thought I'd see the day when
You'd put me through what you put me through
You tried your best
You say I gave you no rest

When did you stop loving me?
When did I stop loving you?
When did you stop loving me?
When did I stop loving you?
Ooh, when did you stop loving me?