Lickwood means "rewind" and gunshot means "forward"
You requested it, so we rewind
(Come on)

Wait a second, draw back, ban this, here I come
Stick this business, stock me up, they took my coat with a stun gun
On a Sunday, a bloody Sunday, so what's the resume?
Heads got felt in the force, I heard a Milky Way
I caught a heart attack when I heard my cousin duck hunt
In Avenue D, in Brooklyn, New York City
Ever since I used my man, I moved to Jersey
But realistically, God could of called me early
'Cause I got a big bop, I'm wanted by the block
I take a ruff-neck chicken make stop in stone top
'Cause I roll with the army of sixty-eight
The Privates' don't make the orders, it's the General that makes the wig-wack
Buy her back, buy a cat, I got scratched in a day to kidnap
And at night, I was back and the Jeep, got attacked by a gang that sold crack
But the posse was strapped, it was nothin' but crap
I got cuffed in the back, in the jail there were rats
So I pulled out my mack to get out of this crap
Though I wish I could zap outta here, but I quack like a dog
That pass gas, so I put the gas mask on the mic
There were blasts, 'cause I do it, it's my task
And all the jumper the guys that I see to me pass the class
Check out the vocab, it don't got nothin' to do with the gift of gab
If you're good, you're good; if you're bad, you're bad
You might also like
So how hard is it? (Hard as it can get)
I wanna know, how hard do you wanna it? (Hard as it can get)

One, two (One, Two)
Three, four (Three, four)
Hardcore (Hardcore)
Hardcore (Hardcore)
Yo, watch yourself for your health I'll snatch your last breath
Then, I left you up for another one bites the dust
You couldn't ride me if you went behind the bush, gush
Leave the style alone, don't try to follow me
'Cause a life of the hood make it a little triggery
So keep your eyes on the prize, don't be surprised
'Cause on my half I may pull out a semi-automatic sixty-eight
Watch around my back, it's mainly static
Droppin' emcees like a bad habit
Here come the Pras with a new package

Mad and they ignorant, think they can test the performance of an ancient (Rapper)
Let me break it down in a dialect (Badder)
Easier said than what the mono said
'Cause there's more than righter rapper, paid for the rapper be-bop
'Cause he said everybody's rappin', them and they momma
So when I grab the mic, I grab it like a gangster
Microphone sniper, 'cause it'll be the prowler
Launch it, it's trife, no magic, the realistic maggot
Don't leave the gadget or you'll be gat it
Simple, the riddle, who's the monkey in the middle
What's the goose, um
So let me cut his neck loose, yo
I keep it positive and not so negative
These is when you diss, emcees take it
So send it to they call the battle
I'ma raw I let it rappin', now I'm more
Your ball, you're waitin' for me to fall, but I won't stop
So how hard is it? (Hard as it can get)
I wanna know, how hard do you wanna it? (Hard as it can get)

I gotta jump on the A-Train, I saw cat with a scat, he was blowin' like Coltrane
My boys said: "Give him a call", I gave him a dollar, he said: "Are you a rapper?"
Kids have a seat and don't miss a beat, and listen to the battle of the saxin' in your emcee
Now Red Rock, call Red Rock, call Red Rock, call Red Rock, call Red Rock call
(It could mean rewind the gun-check me, baby)
I rock and shock the dough is show squeeze and cheese and whether pleasin'
(It could mean rewind the gun-check me, baby)
I rock and shock the dough is show squeeze and cheese and whether pleasin'
Coolin' breezin' at the teas and how can emcees do was sneeze
(Flower blow!)

So how hard is it? (Hard as it can get)
I wanna know, how hard do you wanna it? (Hard as it can get)
So how hard is it? (Hard as it can get)
I wanna know, how hard do you wanna it? (Hard as it can get)
So how hard is it? (Hard as it can get)
I wanna know, how hard do you wanna it? (Hard as it can get)
So how hard is it? (Hard as it can get)
I wanna know, how hard do you wanna it? (Hard as it can get)
So how hard is it? (Hard as it can get)
I wanna know, how hard do you wanna it? (Hard as it can get)