What if I can't forget you?
I'll burn your name into my throat
I'll be the fire that'll catch you
And what's so good about picking up the pieces?
What if we don't even want to?

Swisher Sweet or Al Green when I wake up, breaking up the bake up
Shit hit the fan and I don't think we gone make up
Damn, Jacob The Jeweler and the nigga Frank Muller
Ain't got enough time for me to make it up to ya
On my scumbag maneuvers, never thought I'd loose her
Gave her every right to drag my name through the sewer
And she didn't, she different, baby, I'm to blame
The record keeps skipping, ba-ba-baby I'ma change
Light a flame as I change, smoke Jane to the brain
Left a pain on my heart, that now stains on my heart
What remains in the dark is how it all fell apart
When it comes to the light, I can't run from the right
I was wrong, I admit it, you was gone, so I hid it
Once on the right track somewhere along I skidded
If my flaws give you any cause it ought to be a cynic
My apologies to the niggas that's next to hit it, I did it

What if I can't forget you?
I'll burn your name into my throat
I'll be the fire that'll catch you
And what's so good about picking up the pieces?
What if we don't even want to?
You might also like
Ok, I'm still spitting, although I feel different
My girl still bitching, but shit, I deal with it
Now I'm starting to feel that she thinks I'm a meal ticket
I should kick her to the curb, it's absurd she still tripping
(And yet) I'm still sipping, (And yet) I'm still mixing
All these uppers and downers, like my common sense is missing
Conscience is screaming, I ain't trying to listen
Love, it don't live here anymore, it got evicted
So now it's back to square one
Back in the day girls passed on the square one
Now they run in circles, it's kinda universal
How they back track, re-react to when they hurt you
And this wack rap in fact is just a virtue
'Cause they all blowing up and my dreams, I'm trying to pursue
And purchase some time, move forward, work towards
If I get up to the top, she ain't there, it hurts more

What if I can't forget you?
I'll burn your name into my throat
I'll be the fire that'll catch you
And what's so good about picking up the pieces?
What if we don't even want to?

Ok, time to zone, feeling all alone
A little time loaned, baby girl turn off phones
And this chick centerfold, cu-cu-cup styrofoam
Shit, I've grown accustom to some shit I don't condone
But shit, I'm trying to cope, I'm trying to deal
Since the deal spotlight on us, eyes peeled
And my eyes all red so it's hard to conceal
How my pupils all tiny cause of all of these pills
But the drinks are so chilled, I'm trying to chill
Leaf rolled up so the void gets filled
With smoke don't choke, it's thick like oatmeal
Backwoods, no oak, broken hearts getting healed
From chemicals ingested, blood stream infected
I can't pass the polygraph, fail drug test
I'm a train wreck on a track, therapy session
Every time I'm in the booth, let loose
What if I can't forget you?
I'll burn your name into my throat
I'll be the fire that'll catch you
What's so good about picking up the pieces?
None of the colors ever light up anymore in this hole
Just give her back to me
You know I can't afford the medicine that feeds what I need
So baby what if I can't forget you? (What if I can't forget you?)
I'd better learn to live alone
What's so good about picking up the pieces?
What's so good about, what's so good about