Back in '99! Wooh!
Hell yeah
Bitch I'm feeling like Ginuwine back in '99! Wooh!
Hell yeah
Bitch I'm feeling like Ginuwine back in '99! Wooh!
Hell yeah
Bitch I'm feeling like Ginuwine back in '99! Wooh!
Hell yeah
I'm feeling like the world is
Mine all mine
Like the world is
Mine all mine
I'm feeling like the world is
Mine all mine
Like the world is
Mine all mine

Ni-nigga I'm the one that you heard about
Via word of mouth
The one you should be worried 'bout
The one the girl you think is the one is probably with, while you wondering her whereabouts
My Life was in a rough state, upstate
Back where I was living
So I took my talents down low
With these big city dreams and the empire state of mind to build empire from ground floor
And now I'm feeling like Ginuwine back in '99, Wooh!
These women love me like no other
Even though they know we'll never have anything going on between us, other this motherfucking rubber
Man you niggas in the game is fuckin up (fuckin up)
Should of never let me in the huddle
I make a statement give a fuck about your rebuttal
Smoking loud
But move subtle
I'm the type to get the cuddi
Leave before she try to cuddle
Catching feelings lead to trouble
So I cut the string attached
I don't want it if it's broken
And it's broken if I smashed
If it were broke before it came to me, then I most likely pass
Her to a broke a nigga, so the both of them can match
All I make is fire like a motherfucking match
You would think a nigga work for mint, cause all I'm meant to make is cash and
Wild style, yet in an orderly fashion
I'm 1 through 5 in my top 5, count it
Everyone that doubted, is all a sudden about it
Any recent niggas joining my circle, I won't allow it
Anybody past the niggas I came with, its over crowded in here
At a point I was a loaded gun with bad aim
But fuck it even Michael Jordan had a bad game
So anything before is easy to forget, cause who really gives a shit when your finna win chip
I swear that I could swear to these niggas
That I'm what's evil lurking in the dark and scaring these niggas
It's no secret that
I hate being compared to these niggas
It's offensive to me
But even more unfair to these niggas
And no I'm not a feeling these niggas
I'm not a fan
Execute the plan
I'm killin these niggas
Word to the klan
Nothin to fuck wit
I never drop the ball
But I a drop a dime
If she get out of line her
Bitch I'm feeling like Ginuwine back in '99 Wooh!
You might also likeHell yeah
Bitch I'm feeling like Ginuwine back in '99 Wooh!
Hell yeah

Tell me if you with it
If you with it
Ain't no quitting
You gonna get it 'til it's finished
I ain't got no where I have to be and all I got is time
I'm a make love to your body
While I penetrate your mind, tonight
Don't try to be no fuckin lady
Relax and let yourself be free