Oh, yeah, OK, yo!

They wanna know, "Who is she?"
A white bitch mouth ain't go this crazy since Monica Lewinsky
It's a problem when you sit me here
You ain't seen a white bitch flip since Britney Spears
And let's be clear: Freestyle of the Year
You said Symba took that; that's before I was here
I'm so sincere , Flex, please hold my beer
This might be the best one of your whole career
No disrespect from a fan mad heavy
Tuned in since Drake brought the Blackberry
A lot of rappers, they just bluff a lot
But I ain't Tyler the Creator, I won't suck your cock
Unless my single, you gon' spin it out!
In that case, Flex, fuck it! go and whip it out!
'Cuz I ain't never been lazy
Im'a show you why my song's called "Mouth Go Crazy"
When I get on the mic, bitches gettin' devoured
It's funny I'm from the Garden State, never got no flowers
I'm like Kanan when I'm aimin, never could be a coward
Tommy need a little sis, Fif, we could run it on Power
Look, this is how we do
Ass fat, and they starin', it's true
Now they see the cake in layers like a tiramisu
But I know someone who's better, bitch, it'd never be you
And oh yeah, Flex, I really do this shit for real
I don't need no ghost behind me when I'm whippin' the wheel
I told Nick: "I don't even wanna get me a deal
I want a role in a Marvel movie! Gimme a shield!"
"You can't make it 'cuz you're white!" Stop it, that's just cap
I can't make it 'cuz I'm female, plus I'm not black
White boys are winning shit, wanna be friends with them
Jack Harlow, MGK, of course, Eminem
Macklemore, Lil Dicky, I mean, it's many men
G-Eazy, Paul Wall, the list, it never ends
Yelawolf, Post Malone, they all can fuckin' spit
I wish I was a dude so I could tell y'all to suck my dick
"All you bitches talk about pussy when you be spittin'"
If we didn't talk about our pussies, you wouldn't listen
We gotta talk that, that's expectation
Mention one chick that don't, heck, I'm waitin'
Time's up! I rhyme tough, I wind up
Punch you in ya nuts if you wanna call my bluff
Mouth go crazy, tired of keepin' mine shut
V-Day Massacre, go on, just get 'em lined up
Whoo! I had to get that off my chest
This bitch is goin' so hard, these fellas are full of zest
I'm harder than all the rest, so pardon my eagerness
My peers, I'm greater than or equal to, nevertheless
I digress, let me digest
Eating all these rappers for breakfast, let me be honest
I go as hard as Onyx, gotta drink my gin and tonic
Rest up to DMX, that's my dog, he too iconic
The way I stay switchin flows, I give and go, I pick and roll
I scissor those, call me Young MA, the way I dick a ho
Bad to tha bone, she smooth, just like a criminal
They say they love you long time, no, it's conditional
I've been wild before I was out, and no doubt
I'll make a  disappear in my mouth
A full house, I could never get a wholesome win
Instead of in my eyes, they starin' at my Olsen twins
And everybody fake! how you supposed to know your friends?
The real are dead, I cannot get a pulse from them
I'm feelin like Frankie, 'cuz I had to do it my way
They treat me like my name is Felicia and it's a Friday
Bye! Ciao! Die for now!
You wilin' out, I'ma make 'em ride it out
Your girlfriend pussy is wide and it's smilin' now
No lie or doubt, that's because I tried it out
I'll fry your trout, if Lori never ran with Damson
I would go on Family Feud and slam her salmon
I'll be a better Future, I don't wham and bam 'em
Wanna run through your halls, girl, let's go on Tamron
Now I'm ramblin' but a girl can dream
To be frank, I'm a saint when it comes to that cream
I pull rank, I got some Louie if I Wanda scheme
Y'all be switchin like Cissies, I Leon the right team
Look, bitches rap to get a rich dude
I grind for myself, you hopin that he a pick you
Rhyme with precision, I hit you like it's Jiu-Jitsu
The flow so incredible, baby, that's how the clique move
This is how we do
I never stop 'cuz I'm always on go
I ain't get a yes until I got a million more no's
And I won't quit in this bitch 'till the ceiling the floor
No matter what I do, Flex, they probably won't acknowledge
So, Im'a keep fillin my wallet as big as Wallace
So, rest, you chumps, my chest is up