You know I just don't get it
I think it's fugazi
People that used to igg me
Now they wanna pick me up, crazy
Now I see, it ain't what it seem
They wanna treat me different?
I'm just the same old me

You see, I'm Justina Valentine (Justina Valentine)
I'm just a regular chick, I don't know why all the fuss about me (Fuss about me)
Nobody ever gave a fuck before, all they did was doubt me (Did was doubt me)
Now everybody wanna run they mouth and try to take shots at me (Take shots at me)

Ayo, you might see me singin', you might see me spittin'
Might see me rip a freestyle, none of it written (Wow)
Might see me saucin', runnin' like it's cross-fits
Steppin' over the line, they told me not to cross it
Fuck it, I never listen anyway
All the times they put the red signs in front of me that read "Wrong Way"
Somehow I came out, but not unscaved
Had a few dead-on collisions, without no brakes (Skrrrt, skrrrt)
Now, why you lookin' sad, kid?
Nobody cares about the words in your verse, just hit them ad-libs (No one cares)
You don't know which ones to drop?
Go to YouTube, pull up Migos, Future and Fetty Wap
Copy them exactly, that's the smartest thing you can do
People are dumb, they'll probably think it's brand new
Boom-boom-pow, now you gotta new style
"But I sound like everybody!"
Shit, you made me proud
The original is just a blueprint, so fuck your two cents
Anything that sounds too different is just a nuisance (That's dumb)
"You tellin' me just find a melody and copycat?" (That's right)
Migos got a new song, you should copy that
Deadass, you can have the game all smiddash
Can't tell you shit, you'll be so lit (You'll be so lit)
And pretty soon it'll go your way
Everybody on your shit by 300k
You might also like
You see, I'm Justina Valentine (Justina Valentine)
I'm just a regular chick, I don't know why all the fuss about me (Fuss about me)
Nobody every gave a fuck before, all they did was doubt me (Did was doubt me)
Now everybody wanna run they mouth and try to take shots at me (Take shots at me)

I've been nice with the raps, yeah, my shit been mean
But no one gave a fuck 'til I was on the T.V. screen
Tried to pass 'em a mixtape but they igged me
Now they see me in the streets, like, "You're from MTV!"
Ya damn right my bark never outweighed my bite
They tried to kill me many times, couldn't shade my light
I was down on myself, but that made me right
A kid slid in my DMs, said that I saved his life, damn
If I even save one man, that's a blessing in itself, I'll never change my plan
Thank God I didn't
Only my fans made me
Did it without a machine, how could you break me?
I think not, I sling-shot, trying my luck
Throwing shit at the wall, until that shit stuck
Now they recognize, I'm a different species
Saying that my attitude stinks? That's all these feces
Shit, piss, fuck, call me a cunt
Feminism at its best, get your carpet munched
"This is all the craze right here? To hear this slut talk?"
Missed your message, I'm busy at Amber's slut-walk
You see, I'm Justina Valentine (Justina Valentine)
I'm just a regular chick, I don't know why all the fuss about me (Fuss about me)
Nobody ever gave a fuck before, all they did was doubt me (Did was doubt me)