All we want is to get out of our skin for a while
We have nothing to lose, because we don't have anything
Anything we want anyway...
We used to hate people
Now we just make fun of them
It's more effective that way
We don't live
We just scratch on, day to day
With nothing but matchbooks and sarcasm in our pockets
And all we are waiting for is for something worth waiting for
Let's admit America gets the celebrities we deserve
Let's stop saying, "Don't quote me" because if no one quotes you
You probably haven't said a thing worth saying
(Sex, drugs, God, cash
Sex, drugs, God... America)
We need something to kill the pain of all that nothing inside
(Sex, drugs, God, cash
Sex, drugs, God... America)
You might also likeWe all just want to die a little bit
We fear that pop culture is the only kind
Of culture we're ever going to have
We want to stop reading magazines
Stop watching TV
Stop caring about Hollywood
But we're addicted to the things we hate
We don't run Washington, and no one really does
Ask not what you can do for your country
Ask what your country did to you
(Sex, drugs, God, cash
Sex, drugs, God... America)
The only reason you're still alive is because someone
Has decided to let you live
(Sex, drugs, God, cash
Sex, drugs, God... America)
We owe so much money, we're not broke - we're broken
We're so poor, we can't even pay attention
So what do you want?
You want to be famous and rich and happy?
But you're terrified you have nothing to offer this world
Nothing to say and no way to say it
But you can say it in three languages
You are more than the sum of what you consume
Desire is not an occupation
You are alternately thrilled and desperate
Sky high and fucked
Let's stop praying for someone to save us and start saving ourselves
Let's stop this and start over
Let's go out - let's keep going
(Sex, drugs, God, cash
Sex, drugs, God... America)
This is your life - this is your fucking life
(America...
Sex, drugs, God, cash
Sex, drugs, God... America)
We need something to kill the pain of all that nothing inside
(America... America)
Quit whining, you haven't done anything wrong because frankly
You haven't done much of anything
(Sex, drugs, God, cash
Sex, drugs, God... America)
Someone's writing down your mistakes