This shit ain't easy
Y'all already know how I'm rockin' (Hahaha)
Tre 7
Bang, bang
And nigga it's the Glizzy Gang!

I'm coolin' with my glizzies (Glizzies, blaw)
And bitch we run the city (We run the city)
Nigga I'm three milli (Aw)
I'ma catch your grandmother, and shoot her in her titties (Blew, blew, blew, blew)
Don't be fuckin' with my glizzies (Glizzies!)
Bad boys like Diddy (BOW!)
Keep talkin' 'bout designer lil nigga you filthy (Bang, bang)
You keep that shit three hunna (Bang, bang)
I keep that shit three milli (Bang, bang)
Catch you ridin' around in that Audi I'ma hit you with this semi (Skrrt, blaw, blaw)

Chief Keef, don't wanna be him (Nah)
This bitch nigga made me tweet him (Aw)
I can't wait to see him (Can't wait)
You keep it three hunna, I keep this shit three M's (Bang, bang)
You sound like you forty (Aw, aw)
And you only seventeen years old (Young nigga)
Nigga, I gotta .40 (Blaw) I'm only nineteen, and ballin' like I'm D. Rose (Swoosh)
You told me I'm tweakin' (Tweakin')
Nigga watch what you Tweetin' (Watch what you tweetin')
All my belts designer, do you wanna Fendi beatin'? (Aw)
How you gon' tweet a diss song, and you don't even know me? (Don't know me)
Sosa got himself in this, so now Sosa owe me (Sosa, baby)
Talkin' 'bout "A soft ass D.C. nigga" (Huh?)
Bet you won't come and do no shows in D.C., nigga (Never)
I'm the Street's Hottest Youngin' (Fire)
And it's 'bout to get chilly (Aw)
Fuck a three hunna nigga, I'm three milli (Bang, bang)
You might also like
I'm coolin' with my glizzies (Glizzies, blaw)
And bitch we run the city (We run the city)
Nigga I'm three milli (Aw)
I'ma catch your grandmother, and shoot her in her titties (Blew, blew, blew, blew)
Don't be fuckin' with my glizzies (Glizzies!)
Bad boys like Diddy (BOW!)
Keep talkin' 'bout designer lil nigga you filthy (Bang, bang)
You keep that shit three hunna (Bang, bang)
I keep that shit three milli (Bang, bang)
Catch you ridin' around in that Audi I'ma hit you with this semi (Skrrt, blaw, blaw)

You wanna go to war? Come on!
You wanna go to war? We take you to war, okay!"
I'on like
Sneak dissers, that's that shit I don't like
Ay Keef, I thought you ain't like sneak disses either, nigga?
Fake ass young nigga
Look (Bang)
Big 30's that's that shit I really like (Bow)
Lil dirty niggas, that's that shit I don't like (I don't like)
Beefin' all on Twitter, that's that shit I don't like (Don't like)
Ain't even livin' already tryna lose ya life (Aw)
Gucci with tennis shoes, that's that shit I don't like (Don't like)
I got on Jimmy Choo's, that's that shit your bitch like (Bitch like)
Dick riding, that's that shit I don't like (Don't like)
Look up to niggas eatin' ass, shawty, you a dyke (Ugh)
Nigga, you ain't no migo, why the fuck they call you Sosa? (Sosa)
In jail we played spades, bluffin' niggas played poker (What you know)
Stop talkin' like you out here, nigga, you on house arrest (Haha)
Run up in your house and lay your whole fuckin' house to rest (Blew, blew, blew, blew)
Young street nigga, all I do is get money (Yeah)
I don't like these niggas, I think these niggas funny (Hahaha)
I never been to Chicago, but my favorite team the Bulls (The Bulls)
Ain't eatin' off this rap shit, my trap keep me full (Mmm)
You want five bands for a verse? (Verse)
That's my shoes and shirt (Shirt)
Give my young nigga five hunna, he'll put you in a hearse (Get at me)
Had my niggas fuckin' with you, now they out to get you (To get you)
I just shitted, now gon' spend three hunna on some tissue (Awww)
I'on like (Hahahaha)
I'on like (Bang)
Bang, bang
(Bang)