My husband's currently out in - at an undisclosed location in the Middle East. Uhm I wanted to say I love him and the kids miss him
My husbands in the military, we have a lot of neighbors that are gone right now
Uhm it's hard, not a lot of information, you wait three weeks for a letter and that's what you hang on to. My first deployment with him too so it's been tough

He called her on the road
From a lonely cold hotel room
Just to hear her say I love you one more time
(I love you and I miss you and you're my hero, I love you bear)
And when he heard the sound
Of the kids laughing in the background
He had to wipe away a tear from his eye
(Okay, hey, you guys come here, What do you want to say?)
A little voice came on the phone
She said Daddy when you coming home? (Daddy?)
He said the first thing that came to his mind
(I'm ready to cry)

I'm already there
(Now maybe I'll get him back sometime soon)
Take a look around
(I love him dearly and I can't wait until he comes home)
I'm the sunshine in your hair
I'm the shadow on the ground
(I'm a Navy wife and my husbands over there)
I'm the whisper in the wind
(It's so comforting to have his pictures everywhere)
I'm your imaginary friend
(I miss him and I'm prayin' for everyone over there)
And I know I'm in your prayers
(And we're all prayin' for him)
Oh I'm already there
(I wear his wedding band around my neck all the time and I know he's with me, and I know he's out there doin' his job and it's the job he loves)
See Lonestar LiveGet tickets as low as $77You might also like
She got back on the phone
(We miss you, we love you)
Said, I really miss you darlin'
Don't worry about the kids
They'll be all right
(And kick the bad guy's butt daddy)
Wish I was in your arms
(Stay safe and be strong)
Lyin' right there beside you
But I know that I'll be in your dreams tonight
(This mornin' I had a dream about him and I rolled over in bed, I was so excited to tell him and then I opened my eyes and he wasn't there.)
So turn out the light and close your eyes
(It's been really hard on my mom)

I'm already there
(Come home soon)
Don't make a sound
I'm the beat in your heart
(I'm proud to be an American)
I'm the moonlight shining down
(Thank you guys very much)
I'm the whisper in the wind
And I'll be there to the end
(We pray that you'll come home safely)
Can you feel the love that we share?
(USA, USA, USA, USA)
Oh I'm already there
(This message is for Corporal Macey, he's a brand new father today of a 9 pound 8 oz beautiful baby boy. )
We may be a
Thousand miles apart
(Tell him hurry home so we can get married)
But I'll be with you
Wherever you are
(Our daughter sleeps in his shirt so, yeah, she's only two years old and she wear this big ol' huge t-shirt to bed every night. but she won't go to bed without it now, so he's gonna have a hard time getting it back when he gets home)

I'm already there
Take a look around
I'm the sunshine in your hair
I'm the shadow on the ground
I'm the whisper in the wind
And I'll be there to the end
(He's here let me tell you, everything we do, everything we say Austin says he's in the car too)
Can you feel the love that we share?
Oh I'm already there

This is for Master Gunnery Sergeant Garrett, this is his daughter, I'm very proud of him. He's been my hero, he's been my strength for my whole life. I just pray that everything's gonna work out