Are you feeling down and lonely?
Feeling like you can't go on?
Just remember love will find a way
Tell me, are you going through changes?
Time seems like it's passing by
Just believe that love will find a way

I see the tears you cry
I see the pain that's in your eyes
So many times you were so lonely
And no one seemed to care
But if your hopes for your tomorrows
Are drowning in your sorrows
Know your heart will show you the way

Are you trying to find a beginning
Or something just to hold on to?
Always know that love will find a way
Is it hard, this life you're living?
Does the world seem so unkind?
Don't you worry, love will find a way

Some say we've lost our way
Some say the world has gone astray
But if you know where you're going
There's nothing you can't do
'Cause problems will come
And they will leave you
The world will try to deceive you
But the truth will always be in your soul
See Lionel Richie LiveGet tickets as low as $133You might also like
Do you want some joy in your time?
Are you trying to find some peace of mind?
All you need to know is
Love will find a way (Ooh, ooh)
Are you looking for that place to go
Where the truth is all you'll ever know?
All you need to say is
Love, love will find a way (Ooh, ooh)
Do you want some joy in your time?
Are you trying to find some peace of mind? (Tell me, funky baby)
All you need to know is
Love will find a way (Ooh, ooh)
Do you want some joy in your time? (Are you looking, baby?)
Are you trying to find some peace of mind? (Hard to find)
All you need to know is
Love will find a way (Ooh, ooh)
Are you looking for that place to go (See the changes you're going through)
Where the truth is all you'll ever know? (Trying to find yourself but you need a clue)
All you need to say is (Just remember that love)
Love will find a way (Ooh, ooh)
Do you want some joy in your time? (Just a little joy)
Are you trying to find some peace of mind? (A little peace, baby)
All you need to know is (Yeah)
Love, love will find a way (Ooh, ooh)
Do you want some joy in your time? (Oh, baby, are you looking?)
Are you trying to find some peace of mind? (Say you're trying to find it, baby)
All you need to know is
Love will find a way (Ooh, ooh)
Are you looking for that place to go
Where the truth is all you'll ever know?