I've followed all grey lines
No mind for where they lead
And I am sympathetic to all transgressions
I'd be with you here if the stones floated on the sea
Are you sympathetic to these vibrations?
Does the heat from a flame tell the fire that it's lit up right?
And when the smoke in your eyes is burnin'
Are you making the changes?
Are you droppin' the time? (are you droppin' the time?)
You know I'd dance with you, baby, but these hands are on fire
Oh, would we really ever miss it if we left everything we had for awhile?
You can read it on my palm, I feel it when the wind bends on your dress
I always liked the desert, baby
I need the wilderness
I'm hangin' tough, there's no doubt about that
I'm always swinging for the fences, there's no doubt about that
You'll be alright, there's no doubt about you
You've always had that rhythm, baby
I've always had the blues
Anything that knocks ya out, hits you harder than you planned
If the band is playing, keep it gentle, 'cause I'm a gentleman
Anything that swings will hit ya back if you don't move in time
If the music's playing, Judy's swaying, Lord, I'm doing fine
You might also likeOh, when you say there's nothin' wrong with our instincts my hunch is that ain't true
I have gone behind the lines, and read between 'em for you
What do you know in these shadows, only that the light never curves the same?
Can you see if it's gold or not? Does it matter if it shines the same?
Witnessing the sky wielding together without a choice
Didn't love ever make you think "man, I've made one hell of a point"?
"Do you believe in a fate?" Is all what you say, it's all a lie
Get along and it changes, it's a swing in the time
I've been gettin' old since I was very young
I never had the concentration that you need to get relaxed and all
I'd never cut you loose if you are holding tight
I've always had that concentration that you needed if you wanted to get get it right
It would be nice to leave before the curtain falls on me
But I think our contradiction has a flavour of authenticity
And I think this might get better honey, just before it gets worse
So if we make it to the top of the form, I'll take another verse
Anything that knocks ya out, hits you harder than you planned
If the band is playing, keep it gentle, 'cause I'm a gentleman
Anything that swings will hit ya back if you don't move in time