The one that stands out among the millions...
You fear that no one will know your name;
There's nothing you could claim that would ever bring you fame...
You take a look at just who you are
And what sets you apart - How can you be popular?
Even though your friends are really friends, even though they share your convictions
It would be nice to be remembered in the end as more than...
Just another face in the crowd, fighting for position
To be the one that stands out among the millions...
Just another face in the crowd, fighting for the love of
The one that you dream about - if you could scream it loud enough for her to hear you...
You fear that no one will notice you
'Cause you only do what others do - Your style depends on what they're into...
You could always imitate the odd;
You could even dress the part, but how can you be popular?
Even though your friends are really friends, even though they share your convictions
It would be nice to be remembered in the end as more than...
Mm-hmm, just another face in the crowd, fighting for position
To be the one that stands out among the millions...
Just another face in the crowd, fighting for that love of
The one that you dream about - if you could scream it loud enough for her to hear you...
You might also likeCount Bass D:
It is now the future
Compliments of technology, everyone can shine for 15 minutes
And musicianship gives cats like me at least 30
I'm big in Japan, not a draw in Liverpool
Really all depends on who you ask and how much they know
But, what's real is this: see you on the computer. You looking like a jaybird with drawers on. Now you the HHIC
Van Hunt:
Just another face in the crowd, fighting for position...
Count Bass D/(Van Hunt):
But let's say you do get that popularity. It's nothin' but a one-way street to a contest
(To be one that stands out among the millions...)
What you need to do is gon' lay in the cut until you get voted Most Likely to Act Right
(Just another face in the crowd, fighting for that love of)
See, I done learned it's a thick line between "socialite" and "woman of the night"
(The one that you dream about - if you could only scream it loud enough for her to hear you...)
But in your eyes, only thing worse than new money is quiet money