But anyway, I wanna thank you very much once more for coming. This is my favorite thing to do to perform, uh- and you coming allows me to do that and I really, really do appreciate that. Uh, honestly and genuinely. Um, I will now recede back into my stage persona. I just blacked out for ten seconds
Love songs used to be so beautiful, you know?
"Let us go then, you and I
When the evening is spread out against the sky
Like a patient etherized upon a table."
- T.S. Eliot, beautiful. Love songs nowadays, just as beautiful, guys! If not more. Justin Bieber, One Direction, Usher, you know them. You know their love songs, beautiful, complex love songs but these new artists, the J Biebs, the One D's, the Ushers
They've- they've done something very strange to the format and the structure and the purpose of love songs, and I tried to capture how they've changed it with this love song.  I hope you enjoy it and most importantly, mark the differences
Jason DeRulo

I love your hair, I love your name, I love the way you say it
I love your heart and you're so smart 'cause you gave away it
I love your sis, I love your dad, I love your mum
But more than all of that I love the fact that you are dumb enough
To not realize everything I've said has been said before
In a thousand ways, in a thousand songs, sung with the same four chords
But you'll still love it, and let me finger you!
Yeah, finger you! Finger you!

Oh, girl, I hope you don't think that I'm rude
When I tell you that I love you, boo
I also hope that you don't see through
This cleverly constructed ruse
Designed by a marketing team
Cashing in on puberty and low self esteem
And girls desperate need to feel loved
You might also like
America says we love a chorus
But don't get complicated and bore us
Though meaning might be missin'
We need to know the words after just one listen so

Repeat stuff, repeat stuff, repeat stuff
Repeat stuff, repeat stuff, repeat stuff
Repeat stuff, repeat stuff, repeat stuff
Repeat stuff
Yeah

I love my baby and you know I couldn't live without her
But now I need to make every girl think this song's about her
Just to make sure that they spread it like the plague
So I describe my dream girl as really, really vague like
I love your hands 'cause your fingerprints are like no other
I love your eyes and their bluish, brownish, greenish color
I love it when you smile, that you smile wide
And I love how your torso has an arm on either side, now
If you're my agent you might be thinking, "Oh, no! Sound the alarms!
You're not appealing to little girls who don't have arms!"
But they can't use iTunes so fuck 'em, who needs them?
Oh girl... oh hello, Satan!
*Eats microphone*
Satan, you taste so good!
Repeat stuff, repeat stuff, repeat stuff
Repeat stuff, repeat stuff, everybody!
Repeat stuff, repeat stuff, repeat stuff
Repeat stuff, repeat stuff, come on, louder, I can't hear you!
Repeat stuff, repeat stuff, repeat stuff
Repeat stuff

Young ones, listen up

I'm in magazines full of model teens
So far above you
So read them and hate yourself
Then pay me to tell you, "I love you"
I love you
And the parents will always come along
Because their little girl is in love
And how could love be wrong?
How could love be wrong?

When you repeat stuff, repeat stuff, repeat stuff
Repeat stuff, I am a vessel, 666, Illuminati, Freemasons
Ohh, we know it's not right
We know it's not funny
But we'll stop beating this dead horse when it
Stops spitting out money