How bout a birthday? Fuck another funeral
We're only here to live one time, you know?
How bout a birthday? Fuck another funeral
And how I live my life, they don't control
How bout a birthday? Fuck another funeral
We're only here to live one time, you know?
How bout a birthday? Fuck another funeral
'Til the day I die, you can label me a juggalo

My homeboy's dead, he been gone 3 days
And now I'm with his family in a funeral parade
'Til the wake, split stories over chicken and biscuits
And I contemplate all the shit that he's missin'
It's fucked why folks die so young
I bet he had the chance to get my dry-cleaning done
Oh no here it comes, guess it's time to get the soup
Instead of the cigars 'cause my homie's wife is due
Here's what's true, there's an obituary page
With no section devoted to new lives being made
Sad to say, easy to see when you look
The birth rates decline while the death rates off the hook

You might also like
Bad news, so much fuckin' bad news
What the fuck is the matter with these sad fools?
Nobody cares what they buildin', just what they tearin' down
It's hard time on your spine, it's heavy on your mind to carry 'round
Tell me 'bout what's coming, fuck what's goin'
Drama we already knowin'
Bodies fallin', whistle blowin'
Show me what's alive & growin'
Tell me about the trees reachin' the sunshine
Tell me about some soldiers coming home safe, just one time
Let somebody blind look around
Let the deaf hear a sound
How 'bout a hidden treasure found?
Spread some fuckin' pleasure round
How bout a birthday? Fuck another funeral, BOO!
That's like 2 in a row too, with more to go through
Show me some white clouds, beaches with seagulls in the sky
No more white gowns, gurneys 
Somebody slow down, relieve some of this pressure
Let's try to focus on some positivity
So much fresher
How 'bout it?

No more funerals, no more wakes
No more eulogies, give my birthdays
It's time for first crawl, first tour, first walk
I don't wanna see no homies outlined in chalk
This year is our years, we livin' without fear
But so many folks dying, that the future's never clear
It's cloudy & overcast with the past, it's a reminder
There's nowhere safe for you to hide 'cause death showed behind ya
And if this is God's plan, then help me understand
'Cause I'm losin' my fade in a world in atom, man
How 'bout a birthday, not a funeral possession?
We'll party 'til the lights go out, without question