I represent Southwest, Del-Ray Jefferson
Festival ridin', we deemed around the Mexican
Me and Violent J, we murder heroin addicts
With everything from saws, screwdrivers, and automatics
I like killin' anybody, I'm like Anybody Killa
I'm stompin' thru yo' city like a little Godzilla
I'll cut ya dick and balls off and make ya eat em'
Then choke yo' ass to death so you won't even need em'
Punk bitch!

You ever felt like you a freak in the night?
Outcasted to the shadows cuz you don't look right
Hypnotized by the eyes from the average muthafucka
Chrome to his dome, if he cries, he's a busta
There's certain rituals for bein' ghetto gifted
Keep yo' ass underground, when it's dark, go balistic
I'm representin' all the crazy juggalos
With a hatchet in they hand, smokin' blunts after shows

Think about it, you gotta give it up to Blaze
I mean the guy is fuckin' dead in 47 different ways
Yet he's leavin' Heaven hangin'
And chillin' with his boys
At least until they get his room ready in the Nethervoid
For now he hits the joint until it ain't none left
Which ain't bad for a dead guy supposedly with no breath
Death ain't scary, look at Blaze, he's straight
Even with the maggots and all, he looks great
You might also like
Because I take out my hatchet and I quickly start axin'
I go juggaloco like a crazy assassin
Twiztid and the Posse, we say nothing confusing
Why? Why? Why?
It's just a hatchet execution.....
A Psychopathic execution

Throw it up y'all, lemme see yo' set shinin', rhymin'
For this paper, ain't nothin', get back to grindin'
On the Eastside we ride and Drive-By
And if you actin' live, kiss yo' mama and wave her bye-bye
I try to get along and it don't work, I love to hurt
Whip out the pistol and do the dirt
I lay em' all down, shootin' in crowds and head-bustin'
Have yo' people cussin'
He shot that muthafucka for nothin'

I'm that dead body walkin' retarded and crazy
And I'm down to bust shots at cops on the daily
Still claimin' Eastside but sides ain't shit
Cuz we all got love for the muthafuckin' hatchet
I got a little problem with actin' a fool
I get Violent like J and then I spray up the room
Unfadable, real G's never goin' out
So I died, now I'm back, and I blast, and I'm out!
Rock N Rye with Hennessy
Dirty sex in alleyways
Chillin' with the heads, drug dealers, and the runaways
Killa, put yo' gun away
Don't make me take yo' life
Type of muthafucka bring an axe to a gunfight
Represent the family with the utmost pride
And we runnin' with a hatchet, muthafucka, do or die
Die muthafucka is what I'm screamin' when they go
And 187 on a muthafuckin' juggahoe!


Man, fuck that, that ain't the end of this shit. I been waitin' a long time for this muthafuckin' album to drop and I gotta send a couple shouts out to my muthafuckin' homies:
Alex Abbiss
Billy Bill
Muthafuckin' Steff
Dirk
My Homie Jumpsteady
My muthafuckin' partner Rude Boy
My muthafuckin' homie Tom Dub
Psychopathic Patrick
Muthafuckin' Jelly Nuts
Pickles
N-Cubed In this muthafucka...
Barry
Matt Nips
Steve
Jeremy
Matt
Eric
And Muthafuckin' Adam....
Hey, hold up, what the fuck you doin' man? You better turn that muthafuckin' music back on, I ain't done yet....
Nate The Mack
Violent J
Shaggy 2 Dope
Monoxide
Jamie Madrox
My homie Anybody Killa
That one crazy muthafucka Jeff....
Tall Jess....
Mike P....
J Dirty
Muthafuckin' Ry Ry....
My homie Syn....
My homies in muthafuckin' Dark Lotus
And Psychopathic Rydas....
Big Baby Sweets, Sugar Bear, Stank and Poot
Moon Glorious
Southern Crumpet
My homie Krayzie Bone from muthafuckin' BoneThugs
And the Triple Six Mafia in this muthafucka!
And that's Psychopathic
Till the day we die, BITCH!!!!............
Oh yeah, and I gotta say wassup to my muthafuckin' homies, THE JUGGALOS, bumpin' this shit right now!! YEAH!!
Hidden Track
What's the number?
1-8-1-O
*ringing*
Answer, motherfucker
Hello?
Chris
What up?
Hey, what's going on, man? It's Alex
What's going on, Alex?
Hey, dog, are you sleeping or something?
Wake the fuck up though, we got some big problems
Alright, what's up?
Alright, listen. Fuckin' last night fuckin' huggy bear was in the studio fuckin' down here with some uh, I don't know, some other, some clique or something, I don't know what the group was called. It was like, uh, East Side Riders or something like that. I don't know what it was. Anyhow, so he was trying to like school some session and record a bunch of stuff, you know, onto like the ProTools system or whatever, and he just straight up, he wiped all your shit
Yeah
Yeah, so we had Mike P and Mike E Clark, they came in, and we've salvaged 1 Less G and Hood Ratz and the song you did with Twiztid and ICP, but that's it, dog. Other than that, like, the whole album's shot. We gotta come back and redo the whole thing
Alright. So what's up, dog?
What are we gonna do, man? You got your show Dat out there?
Yup
Alright. Well, I guess maybe we can get a couple songs off of that, but other than that, you're assed-out
Can't do that neither. I'll have to come back and record that shit, dog
Alright, dog. Well, we're fucked. Come on back. We'll start recording a new album from scratch
Oh shit. That's what's up. Alright, um.  We gotta get a flight or something then
Right. Alright, I'll work on that. Huggy Bear said he's really, really sorry
Huh?
Huggy Bear said he's really sorry
Man, I'm gonna kill that fuckin' fat fuck. Asshole
Alright, dog. We're on that flight. I'll call you back, man
Alright
Alright. Peace
*click*
*laughing*
Now call him back, right now! Call him back!
Nah, give him a minute, give him a minute
He's gonna tell everybody first!
Give him a minute
 hour
Let's call him back and get that on there, too
Dog, that shit was perfect, Alex. You schooled that shit
You know what you should do now? Right now, call him right back and be like, "Oh yeah, I forgot to tell you, dog. Ay, Mike P also said that your car got towed away from his house. Call him right back, and then right when he's like, "What the fuck, dog?" be like, "Aw, man, I don't know. I'll let you go, dog. I know you're probably having a bad day. Tell him his car got towed
Shh. Record, record. It's too late. This is it
*ringing*
Yo?
Chris
What up?
Ay, dog, one more bit of staleness for you. Might as well get it all out the way. Listen, um, your car, somehow, I don't know, Mike P can explain it to you. He tried explaining it to me. I'm like, look, don't bother me with the fuckin' details. You call Chris yourself and tell him what exactly happened to it. So I was like, alright, fine, I'll just let him know the overall bone, but somehow your car got impounded from his back yard
Fresh. Man, that sucks, man.  Unbelievable. Alright, well, I guess I'm gonna need a ride home then from the office too
Yeah, I guess so
Alright
Alright, man
Alright
Alright, peace
Peace
*click*
*laughing*
I'm gonna need a ride home
He's gonna fuckin kill himself, dog. Don't 
Call him back. Maybe call him back
Alright
Holy shit
We gotta record it
Let me call him back. Let me call him back
I'm gonna say it's all a joke
Keep it going
*ringing*
Hello
What up, dog?
What up?
Hey, so did you talk to Alex?
Yup
Dog, what the fuck, man?
That guy's an asshole, right?
Yup
So what the fuck? So, you're coming home? What's going on, man? 'Cause we're fuckin' sitting in the studio. We got there today, dog. The studio is fucked up. There's beer on the carpet, dog. I can't even believe- I wanted to choke the motherfucker, but Paul was just like, "Don't even do it. It ain't even worth the case."
I told him, he's gotta give me a flight. Book me a flight
So, I mean, what are we gonna record the same shit or what? I mean, what the fuck, man?
I don't know, dog. What am I supposed to do? You know what I'm saying? I know what I got, what I have to do
Right. Also, he said something about Mike P said something about your car got towed or something from his house?
Yeah, that bitch is gone too so whatever
Dog, what the fuck, man? First you're dead, and now all this bullshit too?
Huh?
I said first you fuckin' die and now all this bullshit too, huh?
Yup
Ah go fuck yourself, I'll talk to you later
*click*
Mike P could call him....
Call right now! Call right now! Be like, dog, I don't know, man, I'm really sorry, man. I don't know what happened, man, your fuckin' car got-
*ringing*
He's gonna be so pissed 
Hello
Chris, what's up, man? It's Mike
What up
What's happening, dude? I just got here, man. I was just talking to Alex about your car and shit
Mmhmm
What you want me to do about it, man? I don't even know what happened, dog. I got up today, and there's glass in the driveway and some papers and shit in the mailbox, so I just gave it all to Alex and shit
That's the only thing you can do. I'll take care of it when I get there
Alright, alright. You got some tickets or something?
Huh?
You got some tickets or something? Why would they tow your car?
Because the license plate is off
Aw, man, are you serious?
I told you that my license plate had the tabs  I was like, "Man, I hope they don't tow my shit."
Aw, damn, man. They fuckin' broke the window out and shit. That's fucked up, man. They want like, some thing said like seventeen hundred bucks to get it out
Alright. Fuck, I need to make me some money then I guess
Alright, cool. Cool, well, we'll see you when you get back
Alright
Alright, see you
Peace
*click*
Just tell him we got the fuckin' greatest skits 
*ringing*
Recording, recording, it's recording
*ringing*
Yo
I'ma kill you, motherfucker. I'ma kill you
You soft, goo, you soft
You soft, goo
I'ma kill you, motherfucker. I'ma kill yo ass
You soft, goo, you soft
All your albums is mine, nigga. I'ma strip all your lyrics off, nigga. I'm recording over all that shit, nigga. I'ma kill your ass. You dead, motherfucker. Hey, it's us fuckin' around, nigga. Have a nice day
Yeah, alright
It's all a joke!
Yeah!
Tell him it's a joke, Alex
Yeah!
We got the best fuckin' skits you've ever heard for an album now
Yeah!
That shit was real
That was real
Don't fuck with us
Hell yeah
We earned our fifty cent each. Come on
But Huggy Bear's over in the corner, and he's pissed for real, 'cause he heard how you were talking shit
Man, I don't give a fuck!
And he says that even though everything was a joke, since you're talking shit, when you get to Detroit
Beef on
The beef is on. He challenges you to a kickboxing match
Holy shit!
 what
Up at the Zap Zone. Yup
It's not Laser Tag it's on, what
Yup, yup. Soon as he see you, he said your target is hit
Hey, 
Alright, well, put a smile on your face and have a nice day. We'll talk to you later
You got your car, you got your album. You're all good
The brown bomber is still chillin' in Mike P's back yard, you're all good
Alright, mad good
Peace
Peace