Here I am! (I'm right here, dawg!)
Well, here I am! (I'm right here, nigga!)
Here I am! (I'm right here, bitch!)
Well here I am! (And I'm runnin' with a hatchet!)

Here I am, a lunatic from head to toe
I sleep in caverns with the dead, but don't let nobody know
That I'm not your ordinary, average, everyday type person
We keep it live, while y'all niggas be rehearsin'
Cursin' us, hopin' that we disappear
But we been in the game, for so many many years
That we never gon' stop, and we never gon' fade
Twiztid in this bitch with the Juggalo serenade
Vampire, serial killer with an axe
I'm a maniac, scare a nigga straight into a heart attack
Life is like a relapse, can you see that?
My name is Jamie Madrox, represented by the bat
Dark Knight, dark skies, milk-white eyes
People of the sunlight better be advised
There's a new breed of killer on the streets today
Here I am, I'm a maniac (Three!), what you say?

Here I am! (I'm right here, dawg!)
Now, here I am! (I'm right here, nigga!)
Here I am! (I'm right here, bitch!)
Well, here I am! (And I'm running with a hatchet!)
You might also like
Where my dead thugs? Who jack fools and slang drugs?
And call each other Blood and Cuz?
Who ain't afraid to ride through the hood with a piece in they lap
I'm just a killer, bitch, you don't want a nigga autograph!
Ice-cold like a 40 oz
Only thugs and killas be the ones down to ride with me
Where my killers at? Shootin' up right back
And all you bitch motherfuckers, you can get the nutsack
Things change in the hood fast, can't think slow
Stay away from the buster-ass bitches and hoes
And for the 5-0, give me the slugs and the rifle
I turn the pig into a sloppy joe
No bitch in blue gonna tell me shit
I hope your badge can protect ya from the shotgun, nig
From the cradle to the grave and the end of time
I hold it down, ask me where I'm at, nigga, you know the time!

Here I am! (I'm right here, dawg!) (Well, can you see me? Well, can you see me?)
Here I am! (I'm right here, nigga!) (Well, can you see me? Well, can you see me?)
Here I am! (I'm right here, bitch!) (Well, can you see me? Well, can you see me?)
Here I am! (And I'm running with a hatchet!) (Well, can you see me? Well, can you see me?)

I rock the wicked with my nigga big Blaze and Madrox
You can try to shake my gates and can't fade my padlocks
You see me represent my hood and my homies for mad blocks
Here to slide at all you fake-ass Biggies and 2Pacs
2 Glocks, it ain't enough, you better hit the streets hard
And pray that I don't catch you and find you a graveyard
I'm a psycho thug, fuck your iced-out mug
I spent my money on a casket and some fat-ass buds
I slip ya girl a little drug and now she sleepin' with me
And when she finally came around, the bitch called the police
I'm a Generation-X reject from '85
With a pack of 'Ports, a fresh-ass mullet, and 9 lives
I'm disguised and disgustin', don't get your shit busted
And that one bitch that I trusted? I bucked her with my musket
Am I really hard to find? Well, here I am!
Conjured like the spirits and Ouijis from other lands
Here I am! (I'm right here, dawg!)
Well, here I am, yeah! (I'm right here, dawg!)
Here I am! (I'm right here, dawg!)