Yo this is serious shit right here
Me and my boys, we don't fuck around, you know what I'm sayin'?
So if you diss me, my motherfuckin' people, or the niggas I roll with
You know what? Y'all done fucked up
Here go the shittalkin'

You's a bitch ass ho (Yup!)
What you really know about killas for real though? (Nothin')
Stainin' my freek show, gang of lunatics
We the rebels for the dead (Uh-huh)
Fuckin' with us you'll lose your motherfuckin' head (Bitch boy!)
And now ya talkin' to your bitch ass hoes even a little
Rather beat ya to shit, and pull the plug at the hospital (Bitch ass nigga!)
Callin' me this, callin' me that
Cause you's a bitch ass nigga from the jump I wanna slap (That's right!)
With the old school beatdown, ten on one
I don't remember no fair fights where I'm from (Look at your eyes!)
Maniac and I'ma stand right where the bloodstain is at
Hopin' you come back, (Yup!) nigga fuck that
I'm the poster child of death (That's right, bitch!)
I'ma keep swingin' my axe till nothing's left
I ain't havin' that, so fuck you bitch
Tell your friends I'm a hater and I'm talkin' shit!
You might also like
Man I don't give a fuck how many records you sell
Stories you tell, (Bitch!) nigga, check yourself
And fuck that bitch that you're with too
When the shit go down, where the fuck your crew? (Home)
Probably at home bumpin' someone else
So when the shit went down, they told you "Fuck yourself!"
Now you cryin' inside little thug still frontin' (Bitch!)
Thinkin' to yourself why the fuck you say something (Cuz you a hoe!)
Too many niggas wanna beat me up
Steal my shit, slap my bitch, I'm like "Fuck this!" (Still a bitch!)
Now you know what it's like
To deal with real killas that don't play (A juggalo!), everyday
Knockin' suckers out the box, who wanna get some? (Come on, nigga!)
Seven video channels for my victims (Man...)
I ain't havin' that fuck you bitch
Tell your friends I'm a hater and I'm talkin' shit

We the things that go bump in the night (Night)
We ain't got no love for you, you need to get some shit right (What?)
Bitch who you think you're fuckin' with?
We keep this shit like a track meet, we be runnin' it
With the hatchet on the back
While other bitches suckin' sour tits for airtime and similac (You's a bitch!)
We say fuck that, matter of fact
You tainted our style bitch boy we want our shit back (The axe!)
Don't get your head cracked you ain't tough
And all them skills don't mean shit when you get fucked up (Yeah!)
So fuck your set, and fuck your crew
And fuck every motherfucker around and down with you
And you ain't puttin' nothin' on the map
Except for all this bullshit commercialized mainstream rap (You still a bitch!)
And I ain't havin' that fuck you bitch
Tell your friends I'm a hater and I'm talkin' shit
Ho ass hoes (Trick!), we stomp out hoes (Bitch!)
How the fuck you gonna step to Dark Carnival Juggalos?
Creators of the wicked (Ha ha ha!), night breeders (Whoo!)
No little bitch faggots with blonde caesars
So next time you see me in public (What?)
You get a Faygo in your ass, and a jaw full of dick
You can keep your motherfuckin' TRL
I stay with my army in the underground and stay real
And burn down your little TV set
String Carson up with razor wire wrapped around his neck
Cause that's how we do all day
Cross to the other side, bitch you couldn't pay me (Nah!)
We stay on the dark side of the carnival grounds
Twiztid, Blaze and two wicked clowns (Whoop whoop!)
Heads are finna get chopped off, and slit
'Bout to take it way beyond talkin' shit

Hatchet don't count, hatchet ain't included
Knowin' goddamn well we the champs, undisputed (Ay, ay!)
We don't need your radios and MTVs
Sellin' million (What?), sayin' what the fuck we please
 who's coat you ridin' on?
You gotta lick **** balls, and write him a song
You got his dick buried so far up your ass
It's hangin' out your mouth, but you like that (Uh-huh)
And **** tried to warn ya
And there you are receiving the dick in California (Always)
While you gettin' fucked on the West coast
I'm at home fuckin' Kim ****
Fuck all you faggot-ass sell out hoes
And fuck anybody denyin' Juggalos
Come to the underground and get bit (What)