You're about to hear the tale of an indestructible man
He's dead and he's pissed
He's roamin the streets at night lookin for ways to die
Should you encounter him, the undead, the dead ass zombie
Do yourself a favor and get the fuck out

B to the L to the A-Z-E
Bitch muhfucka, you can't hurt me
If you break my legs, then I'll break 'em back
Relax and kick back in a bed of thumbtacks
Matter of fact, you can slit my throat
Spill blood on my leather Psychopathic coat
I'mma laugh in ya face, you can't kill a dead man
You can try...., I'm serious, you can
Under my jersey, bullet holes bout the size of Milwaukee
You better step up off me
Pale faced with the maggots all around
I leave a couple few off in each and every town
My leg falls off every other day and shit
But I'mma try superglue, I hear it really sticks
So who you lookin at and what'chu gonna do?
You can try to kill me, I'mma sho' gon kill you

You, you can't, you can't hurt me now! (Ain't shit you can do)
Ain't nothin stoppin me from killin you!
You, you can't, you can't hurt me now! (Ain't shit you can do)
Ain't nothin stoppin me from killin you!
You might also like(Smelly motherfucker. Get off of my lawn, you're scaring my damn kids)

I ate a pack of firecrackers (Did it make you sick?)
When I piss, sparks shoot straight outta my dick
Get the picture before I stab you with the knife
But you can't take somethin that I don't have and that's life (Right)
That's right, I'm more than a ghost
I still slang things on the corner by the light post
I can't walk the walk
But I stray scarin more ho ho's than Santa Claus
I been electrocuted, it ain't do shit
Except popped my ball hairs out a tiny bit
I get ran down then I get back up
Pissin down like a crackhead, curled up
My eyes swelled up and I can't see straight
Then I dive off the overpass on to the interstate
Who you lookin at and what'chu gonna do?
You can try to kill me, I'mma sho' gon kill you


Yo, this is Anybody mothafuckin' Killa! This crew don't feel pain!
We Psychopathic! We can't be hurt! Especially my dead homie Blaze!
Tell me, how the hell a dead mothafucka gonna die!!!?!??!
I drink bleach with a straw, cuz I like the taste
And thug on police till they mace my face
Went to the White House, pissed on the grass
Step to the President's wife to get some ass
Eat Halloween candy, blades in the center
"Man how many pieces you eat?" , I can't remember
My throat got cut but I sewed it back
And rap like (*incoherent rapping*), and it's still phat
This mothafucka tried to stab me in my love handle
So I blew his lights out like a fuckin candle
If you shoot me, you better bring a cannon
In the end, I'mma be the last G standin
Can you imagine bleedin everyday
Wrappin up wounds with rolls of duct tape
Who you lookin' and what'chu gonna do?
You can try to kill me, I'mma sho' gone kill you