(G-MIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIXXXX!)
Hah! {West Coast}
Yeah, remix! {Yeah}
This time I say
Yeah, buddy - live good, eat good
Old school Chevy to a Cadillac Fleetwood
Got the inside (black!), and the outside (black!)
Thinkin 'bout a Maserati, but I rather ride ('Lac)
A.C. blow (whaaat?!), like wind chill (chill!)
Paint drippin like the rain on a windshield

Cream on the inside, clean on the outside (REMIX! Hey!)
Cream on the inside, clean on the outside (REMIX! Hey!)
Cream on the inside, clean on the outside
Ice-ice cream, ice-i-i-i-ice cream paint job
Cream on the inside, clean on the outside
Cream on the inside, clean on the outside
Cream on the inside, clean on the outside
Ice-ice cream, ice-i-i-i-ice cream paint job (wooo!)

M-m-m-mama black, daddy black
Uncle black, granny black, catch me in a Cadillac (Cadillac)
Say, ridin on a foreign ti'
With some ice cream paint, got the shoes and I had to match
My car, yo we stunt like that (like that)
Down in Dallas, Texas, yeah it's crunk like that
All I gotta do is this, drop the top and show the wrist
And I can pull a bad chick off eye contact
Yeaaaaaaa - it's ya, it's ya, it's ya boy Dorrough
I got a wood grain wheel and a wood grain flo'
Paint job, fresh sprayed, pop trunk, might wave
Yeah, buddy, I'm paid, umm, everybody know
That getting money is the mission, it's the auto clone magician
0-9, but I drive a 0-12 Expedition
With a auto-start ignition, fo' fifteens hit it
With a sign on the back say "Let's go fishing"
You might also like
Cream on the inside, clean on the outside
Cream on the inside, clean on the outside
Cream on the inside, ({Yeah}) clean on the outside ({West Coast})
Ice-ice cream, ice-i-i-i-ice cream paint job

Cream on the inside, clean on the outside
Twenty-fo's on the ol' schools sittin up high (high)
Push - I hit the gas, fuck a red light
All chrome Chevy signs on my tailpipes
I smash out Doggy Dogg live the bossest Life
Show these niggas what it cost and how to floss it right
They hear the song and they jerk to it all night
Euro grill, candy paint drippin off white (drip, drip, drip...)
Yeah, we got the streets turned up
Purp in my blunt, brown in my cup
Boat motor in my engine, 15s' in my trunk
Ice Creams' on my feet, I'm a fuck the streets up (fuck it up!)
Wet paint job, shift kit, no clutch
Pocket full of money with some Hustle Boy Chucks
Sugar coat seats, soft white crust
They say they ridin' clean, but they ain't got it like us!

Cream on the inside, clean on the outside
Cream on the inside, clean on the outside
Cream on the inside, ({Yeah, uh}) clean on the outside ({What up, yo})
Ice-ice cream, ice-i-i-i-ice cream paint job ({look, look,look})
It's 15s' in the trunk, let my beat bang (yep!)
Half of chicken on my neck, let my chain hang (yep!)
Fo fifty yellow rock'll make the ass swang
Chevy tuned up, bangin Hussle is my last name
For the rap game, still was in the fast lane
Pulled up at the spot, parked the Regal on the grass, mane
Swisher Sweets same color as the wood grain
They say, "Why you leave it runnin? " I say "Cause I'm in the hooood, mane! "
Clean on the outside, cream on the inside
Ask around, bet they tell you that I been fly
Way befo' Xzibit show, I had a Pimp Ride
And "All Money In" was the motto that we live by
Look, shit kept gettin betta fo' me
You hatin on me? It's whatever, I get cheddar, homie
I'm well-paid so the people know me
For ridin' wood grain and leather only...
Hu$$le!

Cream on the inside, clean on the outside
Cream on the inside, clean on the outside
Cream on the inside, clean on the outside
Ice-ice cream, ice-i-i-i-ice cream paint job

Splash (candy bought) - I'm drippy
Car so clean that the paint looks slippy (hold on!)
Caught the swag flu so I got these niggas sicky
Coney ice cream the way the girl started licking (Baskin Robbins) Give her the shovel the way she diggin me (dig that!)
Victory (ow!)
Just the B.I.G. in me
Leave my game fly, make the nasty girls get wit me (nasty!)
And after the telly, it's all history (gone!)
Chickens (chickens) - rotisserie
We can make it snow, motherfucker, better get your skis (we got it!)
Told her turn it up as I hit the speed
Push the head down, word is bond as I hit the weed
(Uh-ohhhhhh)
(E-40!)
When the haters see me pullin up
They want to bust in my tank (what?)
Cause they lactose intolerant
I got to much ice cream paint
When my car be dancin they got challenge, I got handles, I got balance
And my audio system pioneers
Got the sound surroundin'
Holla then I blotch
Lookin at my watch
She asked me for the time
I said 20 gee o'clock
Double finger on my heckler and cocked, I ride ready
Banana split chevy so wet it look sweaty
Interior red like sauce on spaghetti (Uh-oh)
I'm havin my bread, mane, I'm in it kind of heavy
Already drunk on the outside
Finna go inside
Took the bopper outside
Bout to go inside

Cream on the inside, clean on the outside
Cream on the inside, clean on the outside
Cream on the inside, clean on the outside
Ice-ice cream, ice-i-i-i-ice cream paint job

Ha, yeaaaaah!
REMIX! Say, we ain't doin it big
We doin it major, ya feel me?
Mr. D-O-Double R - "Dorrough Music"
Album in stores August 4th
A-yeah buddy, a-yeah buddy
A-yeah buddy, Heeeey, heey, heey, heeey, heeey, heey