I'd be like damn! This shit is unbelievable (What?!)
Now a days - ah nigga can't even bust a hoe
Just like this one broad I seen her on my show (Uh-huh!)
The bitch called herself Mack C-1-0 (Damn!)
Then the gangsta boogie on rock and throwin bows (Whoa!)
Man, this bitch eat more cassie and conrows
I told her next time, let the pussy get it drippin
Bitch, puts some dick in your life, now quit trippin (Haha!)
She said " Motherfuck you, I'm taken and I'm strong
I don't wan' no dick, all I need is a cool tongue " (Oh shit)
I said " Well I'll be damn, this one is gon' too far
You hoes got liquor ices like a neighborhood bar "
Plus all this twisted shit just bad for your health
Now bitch, what the fuck made you over freak yourself
She said " The giz-ames sold not told for free"
And If you want your bitch - keep her ass away from me ", ya heard

{*Woman harmonizing*}
She said she wan' no dick at all
She said she rather lick 'em click and balls

Now tell me what I gotta do to get the kitten
Without the bullshit like a dick is forbidden
What the deal is? You rather go chick on chick
With no dick when you fuckin? Just clit to clit
I shoulda read between the lines but I was buggin and shit
By thinkin a pierced tongue was for suckin a dick
Yeah you had me fooled, a church goer you say
But religiously P.I. peanuts every Tuesday
Tellin me about your man he was first and your last
Not to mention all the drag how you was hurt in your past (Awww!)
And now females will be sensitive to your needs
Cause niggas al-ways got a trick up they sleeves (yeah deep dick)
But on the real though is the answer still no
Like you rather have a hoe strap on dildo (Oh shit, what is that?)
Basically the broads act like ain't missin a dick
But they rather bump each other cock just lay up and lick
Damn! - ain't that some fucked up shit!
You might also like
{*Woman harmonizing*}
She said she wan' no dick at all
She said she rather lick 'em click and balls

(I smell that, Mack dime, Mack dime)
I say a woman can please woman and the the man can please a woman
The woman knows what woman like? But I don't believe the hype(hype)
I done ran across this type I done duck off of the few dykes
I done made of ruler be thinkin plumber and a lay pipe (what else?)
I used to think of her about a year and half ago (Yooo!)
Her ? contaminated like a water in Tijuana Mexico (Mexico)
Cracker say that! oh I used to lake that
I pulled her panty to the side to let her take a ride (ride)
Right bitches, All Night bitches, Fight bitches
On the middle of we all together bitches
Suck around and turn the party out
????? corner over to retaliate cowards be out
Now that's a rib out - the whole protect it Pow
Hotta Pow, lexible a - allegible
Irresistible physical kiss a pow
Nigga you tryin anything to get, you try sexual (you try sexual, what?!)

{*Woman harmonizing*}
She said she wan' no dick at all
She said she rather lick 'em click and balls