What'd ya hear this time?
Go on and speak your mind
I know somebody's lyin'
It's always somethin'
Her auntie told your cousin
Then all your homies jumped in
And now, the whole hood's buzzin'
When he say, she say
Don't let it get in your head
Baby, don't say something that you will regret
I'm on your team
It's us against them, you'll see
And we ain't gon' stop
They just want what we got

The more they talk about our love
The more they make it obvious
The more they seem so envious (Hey-yeah)
How can they talk about our love (They don't know)
When they don't know one thing about us? (No, no)
Instead, they just runnin' their mouths
So, all we do is tune them out

I swear, they got some nerve
Spreadin' what they heard
I can't give them no burn
I can't be concerned with all that talk
I won't be involved, that's my word
See, I'm not the one
They got me confused
They got me messed up
Don't you think I've had enough?
When it comes to what we do
All that matters is us two
Don't pay them no mind
We just gon' show and prove
You might also like
The more they talk about our love (Hey, yeah-eah)
The more they make it obvious
The more they seem so envious (Baby)
How can they talk about our love (Why you talkin' about me?)
When they don't know one thing about us?
Instead, they just runnin' their mouths
So, all we do is tune them out (Kanye)

Uh, it's a couple of things I can't honor, man
How you listen to a girl that still want a man?
Tell me the truth, is that a man or Juwanna Mann?
I'm wonderin', why she "ret ta go" like Wanda then?
When we met you was a V like Madonna, man
Now you in the field, runnin' plays like Donovan
McNabb, before you get in a cab
I traded my cash, just to take it back to last summer, man
You don't remember when you was my sweetest?
You don't remember I called you Reese's Pieces?
'Cause it's no wrong way to do you know what
She turned around, giggled, said "You so nuts!"
But nowadays, we actin' way too grown up
Like, "how ya ex-girl get that new number?"
The rumors was so numerous
For stickin' by me, I had to give you two thumbs up
And that's why
The more they talk about our love
The more they make it obvious
The more they seem so envious
How can they talk about our love (People shouldn't talk about our love)
When they don't know one thing about us? (No)
Instead, they just runnin' their mouths (Whoo)
So, all we do is tune them out (Go on, oh-oh)
The more they talk about our love (Tune it out, baby)
The more they make it obvious
The more they seem so envious (Whoo-whoo, ay)
How can they talk about our love (Let's not talk about it, baby)
When they don't know one thing about us?
Instead, they just runnin' their mouths