I give you all of me and you give me all of you
Let's give it just because that's what we're supposed to do
Just because
Just because I love you, love you
No matter what
Just because
Full Force talk to the ladies
I know I'm not a responsible father
But that's how it is sometimes
You know when you don't got it like that
Baby daddy? Baby daddy ?!

A good woman is the type of woman that will have her man full cooked
When he comes home from a hard day's work
(Just because)
A good woman is the type of woman that doesn't care what time her man comes in late at night
(No matter what)
A good woman is the type of woman that never asks her man for any money
(No matter what)
A good woman is the type of woman that when her man snaps his finger
She jumps up in the sky
She dumped him back down until he snaps to the game
(No matter what)
(Just because)
A good woman is the type of woman that never lies, never cheats and is never unfaithful to her man
But!
If he lies, cheats and is unfaithful to her?
She learns to accept it because it's a man's world
And men will be men!
Not all men
Just men like you K
Oh come on Lenny who's side you' on?!
Listen!
A good woman is the type of woman that learns to appreciate when her man makes good love to her
Because when it comes to the bedroom?
The man is the king
(Just because)
I don't know  what you guys have been sipping on but you guys got it all twisted
You got it all wrong
Let me explain to you fellows what I think a good woman is
A good woman is intellectually challenging
She has humility
She's consistent
She's ambitious
She's spiritually grounded
She carries herself with class
She supports her man and her family and she makes us feel like the kings we are naturally to be
The ladies will tell you and break it down for you
Ladies of Allure! Talk to 'em
You might also like
Uhm
Just because
We, the ladies, would like to tell you what we think a good man is
A good man is the type of man that has the curtesy to call or text when he's going to come home late
We're not tryna keep ??? We're just worried
That's right
Uh and also a good man is the type of man that brings me flowers
Not only on my birtday
Not for Christmas, Valentine's Day or when you're done messed up
Not when I'm dead and gone
I wanna smell my flowers while I'm alive
Okay?
A good man knows how to do that
Bring me my flowers just because
That's right
I'm feeling that ladies
But you know what?
I wanna tell you guys one more thing
A good man knows that it takes more to being a father than just laying down and making a baby
'Cause Lord knows we carry that child for nine months and we love them and we nurture them the same way we nurture our men
And that's what it means to be a good, responsible man
Uhuh! And y'all're wanna talk about that you guys are the king of the bedroom?
Just you guys ever heard of the old saying 'what goes up must come down'?
And why must you come down fo fast and so quick and so damn soon?
(Just because)
(I love you, love you)
Don't ??? yourself
(No matter what)
Alongside of every good man is a good woman
I give you all of me and you give me all of you
Let's give it just because that's what we're supposed to do
You're gonna make me love somebody else
So please don't come with the games, or the lies, just pause
Baby I love you no matter what, just because