Oh, now you wanna come back?
Two months ago, you left me for another man
It was so unexpected, you never showed your hand
And now you wanna come back
You wanna come back home after all those lonely days
I was all alone
(It was all in my mind.) It was all in my mind
(It was all in my mind.)
I thought you loved me, but I was blind
(It was all in my mind.) I've been suffering for a long time
How could you do that to me
You thought that the grass was greener on the other side
You found out it was blue rain, now you cry.  (Now you cry)
You packed your bags and you left
You want to come back home
And now your well's gone dry
And you wanna come back to me for more
(It was all in my mind.) It was all in my mind
(It was all in my mind.)
I thought you loved me, but I was blind, so blind
(It was all in my mind.) I've been suffering for such a long, long time
How can you do this to me
You might also likeNow that you have seen, now that you've opened up your eyes
The love you left in me
The love you left in me
My mind and body was lost, but now it's found
My life, I turned my life around
So things didn't work out between you and that other guy?
Now you wanna come back into my life?
Even though after on some nights, you said I wasn't even good enough for you
Girl, you must be bugging
(Ohhh, ohhh, ohhh)
Oh, don't you remember you left me by myself
But right now, right this minute, I got someone else
She helps to ease my pain (She helps)
Since you let me go down the drain
Because of her, I've changed
My little woman, she even makes love better that you
Don't you know you are through
Oooh...oooh, oooh
(It was all in my mind.) All in my mind
(It was all in my mind) I remember the time she used to say
"I'm gonna love you, I'm gonna leave you."
(It was all in my mind.) I thought you loved me
It was all in my mind
(It was all in my mind.) But now you think that you could just come back to me
And get busy one more time
(It was all in my mind.) Oh, oh, oooh, oooh
Thia ain't no break up and just make up.  No, baby
(It was all in my mind.) It takes a fool to learn, yes it does
And Lord have mercy on me, oh
(It was all in my mind.) No way
This ain't no temporary love thing