Drugs, money, murder and sex
Flashing two Tecs to make you understand and respect
Spaz for wreck, twenty Gs around the neck
It flies again, you talk shit, I'm violent
Shorty on my dick
Five workers holding my *(strip ?) (sound more like "street")*
Bossy bosses, money come back with no losses
It's New York, niggas dying over blood sport
Break a Dutchie, roll up in court, I fight with force
Still shine when the lights is off, your click is off
I'm gangsta, let me bust some rounds at you wankstas
Cold name, Flush the greatest, breaking your (?) and dad is whatever get splattered
I laugh at you rappers, I hang with the (?), doo-rags, sweats and (?)
D's attack us, blowing right back us for practice
Lie on the mattress, but your stomach where your back is
Royal Flush and M.O.P, you know it's street madness
x2
We go one on one, gun on gun
Bust nut inside the same chick, we gone son on son
What would you rather have baby, fun or none ?
You wanna go do some real shit then front on us

Yeah, I'm on some wilded out white shit, on my passion
If you feel like Tommy Tee (storm for action?)
You missed up rapping it's like M.O.P. stop mashing
Only white kid on the team, feel like a junk passing
(You best' stop blastin') Yeah that's what's up
I'm like a iced out track star running with flush
(Gunning the cunts) That's hell while you're bored as hell
Even your truck team got bored and (?) itself
(What else?) Fuck around, I ain't even (?)
You want weed? You're so poor you can't afford the smell (shit)
A stoned poor mean son of a bitch
Fingers three-sixteen so I crushed your chin
Spit on me cause I bust it quick
You know M.O.P. and Flush, but saying "who the fuck is this?"
It's Matt Fingaz see me on rap hits
(Firing Squad!) Yeah, (?)
You might also likex2

This is the update
You figure it out, love, hate
But I'm a hate to love and fill your face with slugs
(damn one law) Nigga, brave Lil Fame
I'll put a bat to your ass like cold baseball
(Blaze) D-D-D-Don't fuck around
These streets, I'm in it
Of course I'm silly
Yo those waves look nice
Watch these slugs dive in it
Put a hood over your head or put about five on it

See what niggas were saying themselves
The only true blue word putting work for the field, nigga (Who you?)
I was given a technique so deep from these streets
That the thugs love and shall never mistreat me (now)
Fuck y'all niggas (and the whole shit rolled it on)
Face the flames with that thang tell 'em to get it on
I've done fucked up a substantial amount of men
And if time rewinds, I'll fuck em up again (yeah yeah yeah yeah)