Ayy, what watch should I put on today? (Yeah)
Ayy, what car should I drive today?
Ayy, somebody roll up a blunt
Yeah, big money shit
(If Young Metro don't trust you, I'm gon' shoot you)
Uh

Million dollars cash, all twenties in the closet (Millions)
Bought a short bus because my ice game retarded (Damn)
Self-made millionaire, now I'm labeled a target (It's Dolph)
Fucked that bitch and put her out 'cause her pussy was garbage (Get out)
Yeah, them bitches bad, so I pass 'em to my lil' niggas (Bitch)
They wanna act up, so I pass them boys to the hitters (Bitch)
Don't ask me why they mad, I don't know, I'm gettin' too much scrilla (I don't know)
My bank account got big and my head got even bigger
White Audemar, gold bracelet, big rocks
A whole month straight, ain't been bumpin' shit but Pac, ayy
Coogi sweater on, R.I.P. B-I-G (Biggie)
I just left LA on the way to NYC (Gone)

Call me water boy 'cause I'm drippin' all this water (Water)
Met her down in Florida, but I fucked that bitch in Charlotte (Thot)
Born a dope boy, never wanted to go to college (Fuck that)
Bad Puerto Rican, New York bitch, met her in Starlets, huh
I shut down the party (Party), I shut down the party (Party)
Went and parked the 'Rari, then I go jump on the Harley (Yeah)
Pull up, go and throw a dub at Cameo in Charlotte (Charlotte)
I shut down the party (Party), I shut down the party (Woah)
You might also like
Goddamn, man
Who the fuck is this?
Hello?
Hello, hello, hold up
Are y'all straight, bruh?
Yeah, wassup, bruh?
Ayy, y'all straight, you straight?
Man, what the fuck happened, man?
We heard about this shit, what the fuck happened up there, man?
What y'all got going on?
Huh?
That nigga shot all them motherfuckin' bullets, man, ain't hit shit
Stupid-ass nigga

Just 'cause my money keep runnin' like Forrest Gump (Run it up)
I got niggas hate me like I'm Donald Trump (Damn)
Where I'm from, you don't make it to see 21 (Shit)
That's why all these young niggas ridin' around with they guns (Bah)
Front page newspaper, number one topic (It's Dolph)
Niggas mad at Dolph Obama just 'cause I'm the hottest, hah
Can't nobody stop me, hah, man, my neck so rocky, hah
Said she seen Flippa dancin' and that's how she spot me, hah
Two things that I just can't respect (What's that?)
A fuck nigga and a lyin'-ass bitch (Hey, me either, bruh)
That lil' nigga keep on runnin' up that check (Run it up)
I gave my dogs the recipe to get rich (Go get the money)
They started shootin', we didn't even break a sweat, hah
April Fools, the trick's on you, bitch (April Fools)
You playin' checkers, lil' boy, I'm playin' chess (Bullshittin')
I just scored again, boy, all nets (Hey, hey)
Paper Route, we got now and next (For real)
That's a motherfuckin' mansion 'round my neck (For real)
I'm in a Chevelle, but the motor, it came out a 'Vette (Skrrt)
I might sign with DJ Khaled (Why?), because we the best, hah
Call me water boy 'cause I'm drippin' all this water (Water)
Met her down in Florida, but I fucked that bitch in Charlotte (Thot)
Born a dope boy, never wanted to go to college (Fuck that)
Bad Puerto Rican, New York bitch, met her in Starlets, huh
I shut down the party (Party), I shut down the party (Party)
Went and parked the 'Rari, then I go jump on the Harley (Yeah)
Pull up, go and throw a dub at Cameo in Charlotte (Charlotte)