(Izze The Producer)
(Paper Route Empire)
Uh-huh
It's Dolph
Ayy (It's Dolph)
(Honorary Member)

Guess what she just did, bruh? (What?)
Call me talking shit, bruh (Damn)
Call me thirty times back to back, but I didn't pick it up
But that ass so fat, when you hit, you gotta lift it up (Woo)
She fell in love with a street nigga, now I can't get rid of her (Damn)
She steady driving by the spot (Skrrt)
I ain't answer the phone, so she had the nerve to call me, caller ID blocked (Haha)
She send me that red mad emoji face, bruh, I think I got her hot
She blowin' my phone up pitiful (Damn)
She constantly texting me pictures (Damn)
I had to break it down to her
Go'n tell her, "Girl, I just wanted to hit you" (Ayy)
She said I got her fucked up (Who?)
I said, "What the fuck you mean?" (What?)
She said that I owe her (Me?)
Owe you what? What you want, some weed? (Haha)
I got time, I'm sorry that I lied for it (Yup)
That ass so fat, she'll make an R&B nigga cry for it (16 Zips)
You might also like
She just want a trap nigga (For real), turned her to my trap bitch
Put her on that trap shit, now she can't get over it (Now hold on, where you at?)
Took her to the traphouse (Damn), now lil' mama trapped out
I said can we just be friends? Nothing more, nothing less (Aw, hell nah)
She just want a trap nigga (Yup), she just want a trap nigga (Yup)
She just want a trap nigga (Yup), she just want a trap nigga (My nigga, you got me fucked up)
She just want a trap nigga (Yup), she just want a trap nigga (Ayy, ayy)
I put her on that real shit, now she just want a trap nigga (Uh-huh)

I just want a trap nigga, nigga, let me trap with you
Money getter, dope dealer, only foreign car whipper
Only fuck with boss niggas, never take a loss, nigga
Niggas jockin' on me 'cause they see I got that ass bigger
I'm finna call and fuck with him (Hello?), he know I'm a buzz killer (What's poppin'?)
But if he call me on some shit, I'm gonna thug with him
Real nigga need a real bitch (Yup)
Always asking me why I'm bitchin' (What?)
Just because you put on something different
Don't mean that you can fuck with me (Damn)
Damn, Dolph, you don't never wanna listen (Damn)
Somethin' always got your attention (Aight)
But if you get another mention (Huh?)
You and that bitch there gon' get it
Damn, bae, you know you my ringtone (You crazy, man)
A-Plus is my theme song (Hah)
That's why I can't never ever leave that trap nigga alone (It's Dolph)
She just want a trap nigga (For real), turned her to my trap bitch
Put her on that trap shit, now she can't get over it (Now hold on, where you at?)
Took her to the traphouse (Damn), now lil' mama trapped out
I said can we just be friends? Nothing more, nothing less (Aw, hell nah)
She just want a trap nigga (Yup), she just want a trap nigga (Yup)
She just want a trap nigga (Yup), she just want a trap nigga (My nigga, you got me fucked up)
She just want a trap nigga (Yup), she just want a trap nigga (Ayy, ayy)
I put her on that real shit, now she just want a trap nigga (Uh-huh)