Betty drove the semi, she pulled up to the pump
I thought I wanted a Coca-Cola and I started out on the jump
She said, "Hold it Dave, come quick, there's something you got to see
That man has got a dancing bear tied up to that old tree"

I said, "Dance, dance, Dakota dance all around the country store"
Me and sweet Betty ain't never seen
A bear that could dance before
Well, it's one step, two steps, three steps four
A bottle of soda and he'll dance some more
Dance, dance Dakota dance all around the country store

Well, these hippies walked up to the cage
Giving pills to that old bear
I don't know what it was they was giving to him
It had him pulling out his hair
I tried to keep time with the music
Lord with the beat on my tambourine
Gave him some wine from a mason jar and we all began to sing


Well, I went out to Los Angeles, California and I saw a semi-truck along the side of the road. It said 'Dakota the Dancing Bear' on the side of it. Now they charged you 50 cents to watch this bear dance around a truck. So I turned to Arl,o and I said "Arlo, we ought to get down off these motorcycles and walk over there and see if that's the same bear that Betty told U.S. about when she was driving the semi-truck for us back in Nashville, Tennessee." So we got down off our motorcycles and we walked over there eaten' our pickles. Now there was four or five hundred thousand of these hippies freaks standing around waiting on a rock festival. It appeared that David Allan Coe, Kris Kristofferson and the Grand FUNK Railroad was playing in town that day and their airplane had got hijacked somewhere over Chicago, Illinois. So it turned out that the people with short hair started throwing rocks at the people that had long hair, and the people with long hair started throwing the rocks back. So we come to find out in California, when they had a rock festival, you was supposed to carry your own rocks. Well, I walked up to the bears cage, and the bear looked at me, and he said: "I know you, you're David Allan Coe, and that's Arlo Guthrie that sings country and western music on jukebox radio and television. And y'all gave me some acid when I was in Nashville, and started me to dance around this truck. And I said: "That's right son, that's why I'm here, because you signed a contract with me, and you owe me twenty percent of all the money you've been making since you've been out here on the road". He said: "Man, I ain't got no money". I said: "What'd you do with it?" He pointed to the next cage, and there was a female bear over there shooting up heroine. And before I could say anything, I turned around and I saw a Greyhound bus, painted black and white, and it said the David Allan Coe show, with the Mysterious Rhinestone Cowboy, and the Tennessee Hat Band on the side of it. And their was a woman driving the bus, and sure enough, it was old pusher Betty, and she didn't have no bra on, and she said to me, she said:
You might also like
"Hey Dave, come here quick
Something you got to see
That man has got a dancing bear tied up to that old tree"
She said, "Dance, dance, Dakota dance all around the country store"
Me and sweet Betty ain't never seen
A bear that could dance before
But, it's one step, two steps, three steps four
A bottle of soda and he'll dance some more