Sammy Davis Jr: Ladies and gentlemen as you know this song was written for the man and not too many people sing it. We'd like to have you meet a few people singing this song. We like to offer some impersionations if you may.
Dean Martin: Oh good idea Sam.
Frank Sinatra: Yeah. Why don't you do Paul Revere, get on your horse and get the hell out of here.
Frank and Dean: The yiddish are coming. The yiddish are coming. The yiddish are coming.
Dean Martin: I mean I love you and don't you forget it.
Frank Sinatra: And I love boose and don't you forget it.
Sammy Davis Jr: I'm telling you boy. You guys have a ball because you ain't got many rights left. I would like...
Dean Martin: So is your old man.
Sammy Davis Jr: Have you meet first of all Mr. Nat King Cole.
Frank Sinatra: Was a very old soul. And the very old soul was Mr. Nat King Cole. Better keep smiling Sam so everybody knows where you are.
Sammy Davis Jr: I tell you guys if we ever get in the lead you two are going to be first.
Frank Sinatra: No we ain't because we're going to join you when that happens.
Sammy Davis Jr: I ain't going to Africa baby.
Frank Sinatra: I can't go there.
Sammy Davis Jr: I can't go there.
Dean Martin: I joined about 11 years ago folk.
Sammy Davis Jr: Nat King Cole.
Dean Martin: Was a merry old soul.
Sammy Davis Jr: Oh shut up, you silly goose.
Sammy Davis Jr (Singing): When somebody loves you it's no good unless she loves you all the way.
Frank Sinatra: You know whats so much better, he does his own people and our people. Want to laugh Sam? Go out into the audience.
Sammy Davis Jr (Singing): All the way.
Sammy Davis Jr: Tony Bennet
Sammy Davis Jr (Singing): Taller. Taller than the tallest tree is. That's how it's got to feel. And I said deeper than the deep blue seas.
Dean Martin: Are you going to do Nat King Cole or not?
Sammy Davis Jr: And their the best friends I have.
Sammy Davis Jr (Singing): And that's how.
Sammy Davis Jr: You got me doing Nat.
Frank Sinatra: Want to bet.
Sammy Davis Jr (Singing): That's how deep it goes if it's real.
Sammy Davis Jr: Vaughn Monroe.
Frank Sinatra: You wouldn't dare.
Sammy Davis Jr (Singing): All the way.
Frank Sinatra: I'll get it Sam.
Sammy Davis Jr (Singing): All the way. Through the good or lean.
Sammy Davis Jr: You folks will inhale in this table occasionally won't you. I know there are some colored people up here but there ain't no indians. Man, keep some of that in there. Mr. Dean Martin.
Dean Martin: This better be good buddy or six of your friends are going to be carrying you by the handles.
Frank Sinatra: Six of your best friends. And only two of us that we know of.
Dean Martin: And I ain't too sure about us, baby. Please do Nat.
Frank Sinatra: Nat Fleischer.
Sammy Davis Jr (Singing): Who knows...
Dean Martin: How can that be me, I'm at the bar.
Sammy Davis Jr: Be nice Dean or I'll do Jerry.
Dean Martin: You kidding, he's out of show business.
Frank Sinatra: Jerry who?
Sammy Davis Jr (Singing): Where the road will lead us? Only, only a fool (let's try to have some fun folks) would say. But if you'll let me love you.
Frank Sintra: How come I never heard anybody say hey I just came from the thunderbird.
Sammy Davis Jr (Singing): It's for sure I'm gonna love you all the way, all the way.