Oh yeah yeah
Hey baby, I wanna know one thing
Do you want me as much as I want you?
Say you do
Never should have kissed you, never made that call
I told myself in love I shouldn't fall
Would've been a pleasure, just to know your name
Look at me, silly me, now I'm back in love again

And there's nothing you can tell me
Nothing I can do
I just hope that you're in love with me
The way that I'm in love with you

Do you want to
Like I want to be in love with you? Say you do
Do you want to
Like I want, I want to make love to you? Say you do

Never understand it, loving takes control
I ask myself girl, should you let it go?
That would be too crazy life without you now
Hate to think of it happening, that you won't be around
See Xscape LiveGet tickets as low as $50You might also like
Now there's something you can tell me
Something you can say
Promise me you'll stay with me
Until my dying day

Do you want to? (Do you want to?)
Like I want to be in love with you? (Like I want to make love to you?)
Say you do (Say you do)
Do you want to (Do you wanna make love babe?)
Like I want, I want to make love to you? (Like I want to, like I want to make love to you)
Say you do (Say you do)

Now my deep emotions
Have completely come over me
I'm into you, I'm loving you too deep
Oh, yes I am
Should have seen it coming
Felt my heart beating much too weak
I can't control, I can't let go (I can't control, I can't let go)
Of you baby, you baby, you

Do you want to
Like I want to be in love with you? (Like I want to make love to you?)
Say you do (Like I want to make love to you?)
(Say you do)
Do you want to (Do you want to make love babe?)
Like I want, I want to make love to you? (Like I want to, like I want to make love to you)
Say you do (Say you do)
Did it feel good to you, baby?
Like it felt good to me
To be in love with you
Say you do (Say you do)
Do you want it again baby, baby
Cause I want it right now, yes I do
I want to make love to you, say you do (I want to make love)
Say you do (Say you do)

Do you want to?
Sometimes I cry, baby
Sometimes I weep at night, baby
Take me, shake me (Say you do)
Tell me you love me, baby (Do you want to)
Say you really, really love me, baby (Like I want, I wanna make love to you)
Sometimes I can't sleep at night (Say you do)
Cause I want you right here by my side
Baby, baby, baby, oh yeah
Do you want to? (Do you want to?)
Say you want to make love to me (Like I want to be in love with you)
Like I do to you, oh yeah