I've gone against my Sultan
The highest act of treason
But I had good intentions
I did it for a reason
They'll kill me if I'm lucky
They'll torture me if not
What made me think that I could
Get away with such a plot?
It's not too late to bring it back
Perhaps I'll be forgiven
But if my crime can help improve
The world we all must live in
Am I not bound by duty
To the people of this nation?
How does the Golden Rule apply in such a situation?
As a citizen, I think I would be grateful for the aid
But if I were the Sultan? I should hate to be betrayed
Whichever road I take'll be incurring someone's wrath
'Til now I've always traveled down the straight and narrow path
Temptation may have beckoned, but I always have resisted
But which way do I turn
When the road's become so... so...

Twisted?

Who are you?

A fellow traveler down a twisted path.
:
I know you from Sherrezade's stories!
:
Uh-uh-uh. You think you know me, as others think they know you, but there are two sides to every story.
I used to be the ruler of the ocean
I was benevolent and always kept my word
But my brother held the antiquated notion
That women should be seen and never heard
So he dethroned me and disowned me and on top of that rezoned me
To the outskirts of the kingdom in a cave
Took my scepter and my crown
Though I tried to take him down
The truth and I now share a watery grave
The story lingers on
But the version that is drawn is twisted
A pain I know all too well
(sung)
The pride had never seen a more progressive king than me
Both lion and hyena lived in perfect harmony
I brought an end to what had been a senseless age-old feud
I was prepared for anything except for what ensued
My brother ate my heirs - my precious cubs! - and stole my throne
Returned to segregation and the hateful ways we'd known
Though I'd advocate for unity, I always was denounced
So when I saw an opportunity to right the wrong -
I pounced!
The pride came before my fall in a fate that one might call -
Well, twisted
(spoken)
They weren't ready for my ideas

No, they didn't hate you because of your ideas. They hated you because of that evil-looking scar on your face. Fortune favors the beautiful.

Au contraire! My only crime was love. In town there was only she who was as beautiful as me - on the inside. But then, tragedy struck. She was taken hostage in a castle filled with demonic furniture. So I did what anyone would do and I organized a rescue mission. But how was I to know that she had fallen in love with her captor? To me, that doesn't seem entirely healthy, especially since he's a wolf-bear-thing. A buffalo monster. In a cape. But the heart wants what it wants -
(sung)
And sometimes what it wants is twisted
Twisted, twisted...

I only wanted to reclaim what was mine!

I only wished for equal rights for all!

I only wished to save her!

I only wished to be invited to the party

I only wished to improve relations between the races

I only wished to teach the boy responsibility

I only wished to give the people a voice

So he wouldn't end up like me

I only wished to love her

To help the miserable, lonely, and depressed

To be included

To live in harmony!

For once!

I never knew my father!

I only wished! I only wished! I only wished!


I only wished to have a coat made out of puppies!

(Cluttered speech, ad lib)

Just leave!

Why would you do that?

That's insane!

Get out!

It's an unfortunate situation, but you do have a choice.

What remains of a man when that man is dead and gone?
Only memories and stories of his deeds will linger on
But if a man's accomplishments aren't in the tale they tell
Are the deeds that go unheralded his legacy as well?
If a war breaks out tomorrow, we'll all have Hell to pay
Why protect my reputation? I'm a dead man either way
How will they tell my story?
How will they tell my tale?
Will anybody even care?
The question then is whether 'tis nobler in the mind
To be well-liked but ineffectual, or moral but maligned?
I'll never be a hero who all the citizens adore
But if I hide to save my life, what has my life been for?
What has my life been for?
The road ahead may twist
But I will never swerve
I'll give them all the unsung antihero they deserve
I've nothing left to lose
So the only path to choose is twisted
Let them twist my words, let the people scorn me
Who cares if no one will ever mourn me?
Let them bury the side of the story they'll never learn
Let the truth be twisted
Let my life be twisted