Come on, aye
What's up, what's up?
Y'all know how we rocking, man
Pooh Bear Gang, man
TFG, it's the fucking guys, man, in my fucking eyes, man!
We out here, man
Aye, you hear me?
I'ma go crazy one time, you say

I'm on the 'Well, where they raise hell at
I caught a lil' gun case so I fell back
Boy I'm respected in the 'hood, you can tell that
We post up by the store where that L at
And if a nigga want smoke, I'll smoke him
And if he holding and I know it, I'll poke him
I got money, got chips like hold 'em
Them big guns got poles like totem
They don't be getting what I'm saying cause I'm cold as fuck
I'm from the Chi, North Pole, where it's cold as fuck
I got shorties ready to shoot that ain't old enough
Shorties fighting a body but they told too much
This AK-seven fo', it be folding up
I smoke that loud pack when I'm rolling up
I got a Tec, wet a nigga from his toes and up
He want battle? I don't think a nigga bold enough
Too much fear in his heart, he ain't brave at all
Hair triggers on the forty, can't shave it all
Designer, Italy damn near made it all
He got him whacked as soon as my bro made the call
He like who? Buddy ass acting kinda' stupid
He like a'ight, so where he at? When you trynna' do it?
Boy it's real in the field, shit ain't you niggas foolish
ABM, fuck is that? You niggas better stick to hooping!
I be all up in the 'hood, all the guys show me love
All the bros shake my hand, all the hoes give me hugs
Told her I can do it better, get her wetter than a tub
Boy you softer than some leather or the feathers on a dove
I'm cooler than the cooler, I be smoking with my jeweler
I'm trynna' eat good, get a stomach like Buddha
I wish a nigga would, I'll run up on him with the ruger
Change a nigga whole mood, clip longer than a ruler
These niggas goofies
Bitches, groupies
Blunts thicker than Pam - two grams and a doobie
We pull up, bail out, everybody got a toolie
Let out 70 shots, you only hear that in movies
And I don't know why niggas hating on me
I got a whole line of bitches waiting on me
The bitch wanna' suck, wanna' fuck for the free
She don't even want a bottle, wanna' smoke a lil' weed
She do it sober, she blessed just like Jehovah
I call my bitch, told her it's over
I'm riding with it on me, my homie got the Cobra
I'm hotter than a toaster, you softer than a sofa
I got a lot of money, I got a lot of hoes
I smoke a lot of weed, I buy a lot  of clothes
My niggas don't be lacking cause we pack a lot of poles
And if a nigga lacking, go back down there and score, fuck?
You take one of ours, we take two of theirs-- no!
You take one of ours, we take a few of theirs
So many stru..., so many funerals they stressing
Boy, you losing hair
Your homie get whacked and you still acting like you don't care
I know the reason, though
You niggas scared, where your real friends at?
Cause my niggas dead, if not they in the can
So free my nigga Mack and free that nigga Prince
Lil' Cannon, where you at?
And they done booked my niggas Streets, boy
Yeah, I'm riding with the heat, boy
My money talk so don't speak, boy