She's a Killer Queen
Gunpowder, gelatine
Dynamite with a-
Dynamite with a-
Dynamite with a-
Dynamite with a-

All white like I'm Mensa, (Mensa) I got Teezy in my Swisher (Teezy)
I dropped 2 Cups in August, (Two Cups) swear the mixtape too official (Two Cups, Two Cups)
Got two of everything, two watches, two chains, and two pistols
Not just two pistols, two clips, too, extendos longer than pencils
Fuck you mean? (What?)
I go hard for my team
Boy, fuck you thought?
Nigga, I rock designer, shorty, this shit cost (No, no) I don't know what the fuck you bought
So you not from over there, but you over there?
You getting whacked, give a fuck if you the law (Boom, boom)
I done turned into a savage, this the shit I got taught
All I hang with is killers, I ain't never got caught
My squad go crazy
I'm with Shotty Go Crazy (Go crazy)
And on the B.O.S, Folks crazy, he be totin' the .380 (Boom, boom)
I dare a nigga try to play me, I'ma lay his ass down like he lazy (Boom, boom)
Bitch, I ain't for none (None)
They put a nigga on parole, see I couldn't walk around with no guns (What) boy, you can ask bro 'nem
He'll tell you 'bout Foe 'nem, and how them niggas see me and they run
'Cause they know I got it on me ('Cause they know)
And I can merch on my homie, I'm used to ridin' 'round by my lonely
But Sheen just called, say he wanna ride with me
So I put him in the back, let him tote that Macaroni
And that bitch go brr-latt!
Semi-automatic, it took off a nigga back
I wish a nigga would try to run up on Pap
Hell yeah, I can fight, but I'd rather up a strap
I'd rather up a pole on a nigga
Gotta keep a pole on me, nigga, I'm too known for a nigga
How you get caught for a pole, lil' nigga, and you home already?Lord knows you done told on a nigga
You can catch me on the Pole, where it's cold, you can froze, lil' nigga
Need a sweater or a coat, lil' nigga
No sense of humor, but if you walk around broke, lil' nigga, I'll laugh at that joke lil' nigga, with yo' funny ass
You might also like
Dynamite with a laser beam, guaranteed to blow your mind
Them fake ass Tru's with yo' bummy ass
Killer
Killer
I came a long way from sellin' dummy bags
Killer
Killer
Now I'm gettin' money man
Killer queen, gunpowder, gelatine
Smokin' on dope
For real

I got money, I got bitches, etcetera
Bitch, I was gettin' caught with this and go felon
No seeds in this shit, I'm smokin' on medical
Fla-Fla-Fla-Flats keep me up like I'm rollin' off Adderall
I be bussin', my squad ain't for nothin'
Let my Nina talk and she don't like discussion (No)
A couple face shots, couple shots to his stomach (Boom, boom)
His brains oozing out, that shit look like some vomit (Argh!) Somebody get his ass up! (Argh!)
Ambulance picked his ass up (The Fuck)
He's dead on arrival, (No) there's no point in trying (No)
The doctor or stitch his ass up or it's over with
P-B-G who I'm rollin' with, but you already know that shit
They pay homage like they owe that shit
I see you got a gun, you not on shit 'til you blow that bitch
If I was a scared man, I'd be dead, man, smokin' Headband, tryna get higher than Redman
Pack so loud, I ain't hear what you said, man
You will never see me down or talking to Feds, man
Fuck what a nigga heard
P-B-G be the word, I'm just tryna get a check like the third, ridin' 'round with my bitch smokin' herb, got two twin .40's, that's the only thing his ass heard (Boom, boom, boom, boom)
Hell nah, I ain't scared, I'ma let this bitch blow (Boom)
Boy, I gave your bitch back, shorty, let that shit go
Yeah, I let her suck my dick, but I let that bitch know, "Hell yeah I got a bitch", so I let my bitch know
'Cause it's level to this shit, rules, regulations, she give me dumb brain like she never had no education
You ain't tryna kill nothin', boy I see you hesitating
Shootin' with your eyes closed, fuck you doing? Meditating?
Boy, if you scared, go to church and read revelation
Quick to blow, thank the Lord I got better patience
Niggas know, boy, I be higher than elevation
Bro 'nem turn the day you got smoked into a celebration, han
Killer
Killer
Killer queen, gunpowder, gelatine
Hold up
Man, I be goin' crazy
Queen, gunpowder, gelatine
Who the killer, nigga?
Dynamite with a-
Who the killer, nigga? (You not the killer, bro)
Dynamite with a-
You ain't no killer, nigga!
Dynamite
Dynamite