Is the southside in this muthafucka? (Hell yeah!)
Is the northside in this muthafucka? (Hell yeah!)
Is the eastside in this muthafucka? (Hell yeah!)
Is the westside in this muthafucka? (Hell yeah!)

This for my thugs baby and for tha club baby
We keep it crunk, smokin' weed and gettin' drunk (Around the globe)
Atlanta, Alabama (Country as hell!) Kentucky, Carolina (Country as hell!)
Miami, Tennesse (Country as hell!) Mississippi, New Jersey (Country as hell!)

Yo, aw man, the grass done got greener on the other side of the fence
So I hopped my ass over to see if I was convinced
Fast-paced city life, but country livin's the sense
Man, I'mma cop me a Caddy say, "to Hell wit' a Benz"
Benz, Benz, twenty-inch rims
I can't leave the verti-cal grill back at the ranch
Got a phat farm with cows and a whole lotta land
20 acres to my name son we ain't been since

Meanwhile up in the D where they hollowin' up dope
And thugs blow weed in the park where the club close
In Milwaukee the beats is petro, off in DC the streets is ghetto
Let's roll to Cali where they chief the best 'dro
And drive cars so big you can't reach the pedals
Never had a glass of purple juice for breakfast
Until I took my ass to Houston, Texas
You might also like
This for my thugs baby and for tha club baby
We keep it crunk, smokin' weed and gettin' drunk (Around the globe)
New Orleans and D.C. (Country as hell!) Texas, Indiana (Country as hell!)
Detroit, Chicago (Country as hell!) Cali, Ohio (Country as hell!)

Copped a pair, they was sportin' -- Jordans
New Orleans, went for the Cajun, winded up stayin'
Kentucky it was meth but Miami they was lacin'
Rapped my ass off at NYC at the Bassment
Hit V.A. where they do nothin' but cook
Carolina, Indiana, Alabama, Savannah
Boston, Denver and all points between
Tennesse, Florida ain't nuthin' but love for ya

Yo, yo, yo, now shake it, bounce sit back and let your hair blow
Spanish chicas waving hasta leugo
Pearl white drop, weather's bueno
They say opposites attract, I'm a moreno
(???) so clear (???) my dear
Shy girl all she wanna do is work her tongue
Top of the hill take a breath from her lungs
(Country boys been over seas)
Toppin' it off, London, Germany, Ottawa
(Aw, Nappy Roots, Ying Yang we keep it crunk baby)
This for my thugs baby and for tha club baby
We keep it crunk, smokin' weed and gettin' drunk (Around the globe)
New York, Milwaukee (Country as hell!) Florida, St. Louis (Country as hell!)
Finland, Minnesota (Country as hell!) Vegas, Seattle (Country as hell!)

Now shake it bounce sit back and let your hair blow
Ladies make your hands clap up bueno
Now shake it bounce sit back and let your hair blow
Holla at ya boy, hasta leugo

Aight, first say a prayer for those in combat
Might can throw some'in' on a grill when you come back
Might can take a trip to the 'Ville
And in fact we can all get loose on the porch
And of course, hit Church Hill Downs, thow some'in' on a horse
Or we can hit dem St. Clair waters
You ain't seen country til you been through Georgia
Gotdern, they still got girls in perms (Damn)
Big cars, big wheels is the biggest concern

In my old Kentucky home
I was born and raised on catfish and corn
Collard greens and fatbacks - it's country 'an a mug
Don't care where you stay you got country in your blood
If you love and that's that
Circle the globe, met the poor and the paid
Now I know for a fact that (we keep it crunk baby)
This for my thugs baby and for tha club baby
We keep it crunk, smokin' weed and gettin' drunk
(Around the globe) Country as hell! (Around the globe) Country as hell!
(Around the globe) Country as hell! (Around the globe) Country as hell!

Is the southside in this muthafucka? (Hell yeah!)
Is the northside in this muthafucka? (Hell yeah!)
Is the eastside in this muthafucka? (Hell yeah!)