Yeah
As a shorty, playing in the front yard of the crib
Fell down and I bumped my head
Somebody helped me up and asked me if I bumped my head
I said, "Yeah"
So then they said, "Oh, so that mean you gon', you gon' switch it on 'em?"
I said "Yeah, Flipmode, Flipmode is the greatest"
You know, and as a shorty, I was always told
That if I ain't gon' be part of the greatest
I gotta be the greatest myself
C'mon, c'mon, yeah, c'mon

Yeah, nigga, what? What a surprise
Give ya somethin', make a nigga close both of your eyes
All my niggas gettin' money capitalize
Die, little small guy, we on the rise
Everything a nigga touch Platinum-ize
Fully equipped, you know we come with all the supplies
Got a big gun and I'ma show you the size
You fuck with any of my Flipmode family ties
Me and my niggas be comin' through, stalkin' you out
Killin' off any and everything you talkin' about
See you in the club, now we walkin' you out
Shoulda thought twice 'fore you went and opened your mouth
Yo, anyway, we stay keepin' it movin'
Fuckin' with the wrong nigga, hope you know what you're doin'
Now blame me, all the same niggas is lame
It's not a game, makin' names still splittin' your frame
You might also like
Y'all niggas had enough? (Gimme some more)
Y'all niggas want the wild shit? (Gimme some more)
Yo, Spliff, where the weed at? (Gimme some more)
I know y'all niggas need that (Gimme some more)
Even though we getting money, you can (Gimme some more)
With the cars and the big cribs (Gimme some more)
Everybody spread love (Gimme some more)
If you want it, let me hear you say it (Gimme some more)

Flash with a rash, gimme my cash, flickin' my ash
Runnin' with my money, son, go out with a blast
Do what you want, a nigga's cuttin' the corner
You fuckin' up the order, go ahead and meet the reporter
Yo, she tellin' news on how you switch to a bitch
Little fake, funny style nigga chill with a snitch
So now I pass you straight, I don't got nothing to ask you
Make a little room for me and all my niggas to pass through
Cartier, Sidney Poitier, hooray shit
Roll with all of my niggas from around the way shit
When I come through, you niggas know I do my thing
Bring more shit that generate money, cha-ching
Arrest you, lyrically, flow'll caress you
Bless you, then a nigga come to your rescue
While you assume a nigga blossom and bloom
I'm comin' soon, hit you with a boom, gimme some room
Y'all niggas had enough? (Gimme some more)
Y'all niggas want the wild shit? (Gimme some more)
Hey, Spliff, where the weed at? (Gimme some more)
I know y'all niggas need that (Gimme some more)
Even though we getting money, you can (Gimme some more)
Cars and the big cribs (Gimme some more)
Everybody spread love (Gimme some more)
If you want it let me hear you say it (Gimme some more)

Yo (Yo), live nigga shit, know what I mean?
I represent while we gettin' money and reign supreme
Hope y'all niggas know we comin' through full-steam
Can't see me, better turn on your high beam
All my niggas wildin', ringin' the siren
(Flipmode!) Be glory niggas from my team
Never should you ever try to fuck with my cream
I O.D. when my shit get all in your bloodstream
Every time we be rippin' it, be blowing it down
Blowing you off, fuckin' with the hottest niggas around ('Round)
Ruckus when me and my people run through your town
Holdin' it down, takin' a while and then gimme my crown, ayy (Yo)
All my people need to come and surround
A nigga be hittin' so much, it make you fall on the ground
Sure to make you shout, that's what I be all about
Turnin' you out, makin' all you niggas fall out
Y'all niggas had enough? (Gimme some more)
Y'all niggas want the wild shit? (Gimme some more)
Hey, Spliff, where the weed at? (Gimme some more)
I know y'all niggas need that (Gimme some more)
Even though we getting money, you can (Gimme some more)
With the cars and the big cribs (Gimme some more)
Everybody spread love (Gimme some more)
If you want it let me hear you say it (Gimme some more)