The following record will not be heard so that we may bring you this special report

Sha-boing-boing
Hey you cats this is me, Sammy (Saaam)
And I'm here with my man, one of the most
Happening cats (No doubt, no doubt)
In hip-hop history, man (True, true, true)
I mean Grandmaster Caz, if you know what I mean
(That's right, what's up, what's up, Sammy, how are you, man?)
Hey Caz
I hear you're doing a record
Because that guy, Big Bank ripped off your rhyme for "Rapper's Delight"
(No doubt... No doubt, no doubt)
I'm with ya, babe
MC's Delight 2000, you know what I mean?
(Let 'em have it)
(Tshacow, cow, cow)
Who can make the sun riiiiiise... I love that record
(Sha-boiing, boing, boing, boing...)

Uh
Listen
Uh
Here I go
You might also like
I'll break your hip, make you hop to the hippy hospital
Ya slip, make you stop, crash your crib in my chiller
It's ya bang with a bang, cause Mark is picking boogies
Spinning rhythm while you boogie to beat
You like what you hear, this is not a test
I'm emceeing to the beat
And me, myself and I
Ain't got to try to move your feet (It's automatic)
See I am Grandmaster Caz, and I'd like to say hello (To the kids)
To Zinetta and Jeron, to Mel, Julie Brown
Bianca, Michael and Mojo, my kids ain't gotta...
Gang bang, to boogie witcha booty
Cause Pops makes ya boogie to the gang bang boogie
Let's rock... And don't stop
Cause I'm the nigga that'll make your party rock
Well so far I know you like my voice
I didn't bring no friends along
I can handle this one all by myself
Now hear the way some things go on
Ya heard me?

Grandmaster, Grandmaster
I'm the Grandmaster with the three emcees
Grandmaster, Grandmaster
Who put this thing together?
Me, that's who
Grandmaster, Grandmaster
I'm the Grandmaster with the three emcees
Grandmaster, Grandmaster
Who put this thing together?
Me, that's who
I'm the C-A-S-AN, the O-V-A
And the rest is F-L-Y
The cat who bit this rhyme was my manager
Pure treason, I'll tell ya why
Cause he's six foot one, two tons of bum
And can't dress to a tee
He ain't got no clothes, much less no hoes
And ain't even no emcee
No body guards and no two cars
A Lincoln and a Cadillac
He sung about in song, well them shits is gone
And my money probably paid for that, see
When I was in high school, he did some shit uncool
That was really off the wall
He made a deal with the Sugarhill Gang to rap
And weeks later gave me a call
He said, I need some rhymes to rock off "Good Times"
I said "Why? You ain't no emcee"
He said "These people in Jersey got two for the gang
They needed a third so they picked me", I gave it to him thinking
Checkbooks, credit cards, more money
Than a sucker could ever spend
But he never gave a nigga a god damn dime
And was supposed to be my friend, yes I...
It ain't over though
Grandmaster, Grandmaster
I'm the Grandmaster with the three emcees
Grandmaster, Grandmaster
Who put this thing together?
Me, that's who
Grandmaster, Grandmaster
I'm the Grandmaster with the three emcees
Grandmaster, Grandmaster
Who put this thing together?
Me, that's who

I ain't know what to do, I ain't know I could sue
Cause nobody ever told me so
And I pretty much put the thing out of my mind
Until I heard it on the radio (Had every station playing)
Hip hop to the hippy, to the hippy
People running up to me on the street
Saying we heard your rhymes on the radio
They robbed you and that "Good Times" beat
Now would have been all right, had I copyright
Or lawyer knew my steez
So I deaded Big Bank, forgot "Rappers Delight"
And did what I had to do for me
I been known to flip a bird, twenty four is preferred
I write'em word for word, taken shaken not stirred
Not first or third, but at the head of the herd
Like a bull in a China shop, every line I drop
Hit like a brick with mad bass in it
I'm one of the facts so start facing it
Parker gave me the track and I'm lacing it
If my shit's wack I'm erasing it, replacing it
With something hotter, because a lot of
Cats from lat to Bambaataa, Jay-Z to Dota
Rock is listening, so we gotta be roll
Gotta be more, if it's Cold Crush, then it gotta be four
Grandmaster with the three emcees
Peace to all the wanna be GMCs
I'm looking for thee only emcees
Who keep it real, and still write their rhymes, ya heard?
It was a while ago, but I couldn't let go
Until I've had my say
And as for me, I'm company VP
Jazz Child, single on the way, ya heard?
Still bad, lethal with a pen and a pad
Ain't nothing change as God as my witness
Except for the fact it ain't personal no more
It's strictly business (It's 'cause I'm the)

Grandmaster, Grandmaster
I'm the Grandmaster with the three emcees
Grandmaster, Grandmaster
Who put this thing together?
Me, that's who
Grandmaster, Grandmaster
I'm the Grandmaster with the three emcees
Grandmaster, Grandmaster
Who put this thing together?
Me, that's who

That's right, Caz, you tell 'em, man
You set the record straight, let all these cats know
That you are
The Grandmaster
With the three MCs, man
You are the C-A-S-An, the O-V-A, man
You are the writer
Of the Superman, Lois Lane episode, man
You let them know cats, 'cause if you don't, I will, man
For real, it's me
I'm gonna drop something for y'all right now, okay
On you rapping cats, alright? (Tsha-cow)
It's Sammy in the place to be
Chillin' out with GMC (Haha)
I'm just gonna keep it short, you know what I mean?
Haha, tsha-cow, tsha cow