He didn't bow or salute, he just stepped up to me
And said "My name is so-and-so, and I came to see
If you're all that you're cracked up to be"
A-well I laughed so hard I was almost in tears
I said "Nigga, where you been for 14 years?
You wanna know if I'm as great as the legend insists
You'll find out for yourself, you answer this:
Do birds fly? Do fish swim?
Does Crystal Vanish clean your bowl up under the rim?
Does alcohol make you drunk? Do cigarettes cause cancer?
Yes to all of the above, well that's your answer," now you know
MCs can't deal with me
Because I am the brother called GMC
I've been rapping on the mic since the '70s
I'm the Grandmaster Caz
Step to me, I'll bust your ass
He was young and  and I could tell what I said
Had puzzled him because a question mark was over his head
He said "Run that back by me, you said it kinda fast
And are you a real Grandmaster Caz?"
I said "Run along shorty, time to go
Because that's something that you should already know
But since you don't, I'll give you the benefit of the doubt
You wanna know if I'm the best? Here's how you figure it out
Is sand dry? Is water wet?
If you run in the sun, will you still sweat?
Is fire hot? Does the world turn?
Now what more do you need to learn?" Now you know
You might also likeMCs can't deal with me
'Cause I am the brother called GMC
The baddest thing to hit New York since Old E
I'm the Grandmaster Caz
Step to me, I'll bust your ass
He said "I heard you was fly, a real Cassanova
Is it true you got women and kids all over?
Can you take out any rapper in any crew?
Can you do all the things people say you can do?
Do people bite your rhymes? Do you ever get bored?
Is it true that you are the real rap lord?
Are you a real freak and do you eat pussy?"
I said "Riddle me this, and then you tell me
Is Bobby Brown? Is Betty White?
Is Lorne Greene? Or is MC Lyte?
Is Erin Gray? Tell me, is Vida Blue?
Then everything you heard about me is true," now you know
MCs can't deal with me
'Cause I am the brother called GMC
I'm guaranteed to rock the mic before you count to three
I'm the Grandmaster Caz
Step to me, I'll bust your ass
Yes, other MCs can't deal with me
Because I am the brother called GMC
I've been rapping on the mic since the '70s
I'm the Grandmaster Caz