I'm a motherf*ckin (O.G.)
Hammer tucked run outta love
F*ck wit the (O.G.)
Twist the wood light up the goods
Man I'm a (O.G.)
Caddillac, Farary black my D (O.G.)
Gutter hood, it's understood that I'm a (O.G.)
But understand you when you and your man you ain't a (O.G.)
Holla back he polly wit gats just like a (O.G.)
Farary black wit Caddillac my D (O.G.)
Soilders, street shit, gangsta, remix
Stand up Black Child has just entered the buildin
And I'm gimpin in the stash for my dark women and children
Get your hands up, money still fallin from the cielin
I go hard and y'all can feel it
Erased the and wit the realest
It's muurda, buit they act like they don't beieve us
I'm hotter than a monage wit two divas in a two seater
And I keep two heaters to send you to see jesus
When I roll up like ravrun and drop shells like a demon
We the underdog niggas but we can't be touched
So y'all motherf*ckers better anni up
Cuz everything we drive is platnum plus
Show me, your an O.G. (Throw it up)
Gangstas, let me hear you say f*ck the world
I'm a motherf*ckin (O.G.)
Hammer tucked run outta love
F*ck wit the (O.G.)
Twist the wood light up the goods
Man I'm a (O.G.)
Caddillac, Farary black my D (O.G.)
Gutter hood, it's understood that I'm a (O.G.)
But understand you when you and your man you ain't a (O.G.)
Holla back he polly wit gats just like a (O.G.)
Farary black wit Caddillac my D (O.G.)
Soilders, street shit, gangsta, remix
Stand up, if you ready we rollin lets get it
If he heavy and hold em we split it
Get this fedi over them bitches
Got the coke in the pot in the kitchen
And hear em poppin the four wit the snitches
For watchin the riches
Watch us when it hot droppin the top on the benz's
Whip stop but the rims will keep on spinnin
Rollies flat, mommies be lovin this gangsta pimpin
Shit well you know me the motherf*ckin O.G
Gangstas, hustlas, strippas, niggas
Rappy makes a Jon Gotti certified (O.G.)
Luck luciani, Irv Gotti worldwide (O.G.)
And ferari and only ferari is the only (O.G.)
Ain't no sorries I shottie your body faster than a (O.G.)
Yo I'm slicker than niggas I'm spittin liqour like a (O.G.)
And I'm sick of these niggas poppin a clip like a (O.G.)
A ignorant nigga wit a gun in your mouth like a (O.G.)
When the albums come out air em out like a (O.G.)
Gangstas, hustlas, all my, murderers