Can I, baby? (Can I? Kodak, can I?)
Can I, baby? (Can I? Can I?)
Can I, baby? Can I, baby?

I hope you ain't nothing like my old friends (Baby)
Or any other women that I had (Can I?)
I know I'm better than your ex-boyfriend (Baby)
Or any other niggas from the past (Can I?)
Can I take you where I learned the game from? (Baby)
Show you why I act the way I act (Can I?)
Lately, I've been on a fucking marathon (Baby)
Running to the motherfucking cash (Can I?)
I'm liking how you make a brother laugh (Baby)
Can I come and get you in a Jag? (Can I?)
Then, hit it in the backseat of the Jag (Baby)
Baby girl, I know you like my swag (Can I?)

Before I turn the lights out
'Fore I turn the lights out, tell me who the fuck you want to be
Can I?

I'm just so excited that I'm free
Sometimes, it be feelin' like a dream (Can I?)
Can a young brother get some sleep? (Baby)
Lately, I've been working over 3 (Can I?)
Mama told me, "Son, I never hear from you" (Baby)
Cook something, you don't even eat (Can I?)
Mama, I'm just trying to make a mil' for you (Baby)
Put you in a condo on the beach (Can I?)
You might also like
Before I turn the lights out (Can I? Kodak)
Can I, I told you before you turned the lights on
Can I, ayy look
'Fore I turn the lights out, tell me who the fuck you want to be
Can I?

Why they just can't let a nigga be?
I've been busy, I've been doing me (Can I?)
Have you thinking I've been with the Zoe pound (Baby)
Me and all my niggas come in deep (Can I?)
On the ground, young ten toes down (Baby)
I can put a nigga on his feet (Can I?)
I caught the Audi, then I ran the check up (Baby)
And, I ain't even been out here a week (Can I?)
Got my shooter playing hide and seek (Baby)
Just in case you niggas try and creep (Can I?)
Everybody wanna be your friend now (Baby)
Better watch the company you keep (Can I?)
Everybody got they fucking hand out (Baby)
See you eating now they want a piece (Can I?)
Oh, that's Kodak Black whom I've been hearing bout' (Baby)
He the hottest nigga in the streets (Can I?)
If you love me, love a nigga deep (Baby)
When you see me, what you really see? (Can I?)
To everybody else, I was a sour guy (Baby)
But, I be treating you a little sweet (Can I?)
I'm so close to showing her my real side (Baby)
Show this girl another side of me (Can I?)
I think we've been getting along real fine (Baby)
You love it when I hit it on the beach (Can I?)
I've been working hard, ain't got no spare time (Baby)
I can't even party on the week (Can I?)
I'm just trying to see where your head at (Baby)
When you grow up, what you wanna be? (Can I?)
Run up on a nigga, where the bread at? (Baby)
I be going ham for the cheese (Can I?)
I just wanna see all of my niggas home (Baby)
They can't wait to get back on the streets (Can I?)
I just talked to Jackboy on collect phone (Baby)
He told me he ain't trying to take the plea
Can I? (I'm just in the projects) Baby
Can I? (I'm just in the projects) Baby
For my niggas, I'll swim across the sea
Can I? (Lil Kodak) Baby? (Can I just, baby?)
Can I? Baby, Can I? (Project) Baby