Deep inside the silence, staring out upon the sea
The waves washing over half forgotten memories
Deep within the moment laughter floats upon breeze
Rising and falling dying down within me

And I swear I never knew, I never knew how it could be
And all this time all I had inside was what I couldn't see
I swear I never knew, I never knew how it could be
All the waves washing over all that hurts inside of me

Beyond this beautiful horizon lies a dream for you and I
This tranquil scene is still unbroken by the rumors in the sky
But there's a storm closing in, voices crying on the wind

This serenade is growing colder, breaks my soul that tries to sing
And there's so many, many thoughts when I try to go to sleep
But with you I start to feel a sort of temporary peace
There's a drift in and out, drift in and out
Drift in and out
Drift in and out
Drift in and out
Drift in and out
Drift in and out
Drift in and out
Drift in and out
Drift....
You might also like
Left Channel:
Not being able to speak was just fear's merchandise
Callous building blocks and accidental stepping stones
Relevant undercurrents, spirals of no control
Crabs performing stunts, fish on the game
Disgusting waves of doom, bombastic...
Bombastic invisible anti night, incredible fucking awfuls
Mutant shit-stirrers death weighs a ton buggrit
Where you going? don't believe you've just done that
Look what you've done now, how many've you got left?
Isn't it true, just put me head in, I've already told you
I'm not going in there, I knew this was going to happen
Did anyone bring a torch? stop and ask for directions, will you?
We'd better go after her, fucking hell, this is strong
The left one'll be all right
I've got to get up, got to get out of here
Will you stop fucking looking at me?
Do you have to do that?
Ah, fuck, it's been screwed in so tight?
Right channel:
Hello, I'm here, What about dogs? What about cats?
What about chickens? What about dogs? What about cats?
What about chickens? What about dogs, what about dogs?
What about chickens? What about cats? What about chickens?
What about dogs? What about cats? What about chickens?
What about dogs? What about cats? What about, what about dogs, what about dogs?
What about chickens? What about dogs? ...Cats? What about chickens?
What about chickens? What about cats? What about chickens?