Hello
Hello, Can I speak to Jennifer please?
Yes this is Jennifer. May I ask who's calling?
Hi Jennifer, I'm Tony's girlfriend. I don't mean to call on no disrespectful stuff but...
Wait a minute, Tony's girlfriend? Apparently you got the wrong number because I'm Tony's woman. His only woman, that is
Well, obviously that's what he's been telling you but I'm calling to introduce myself. My name is Fantasia
Did you just say introduce yourself?
Yeah
Well, I don't need no introduction. I am his woman and I am Jennifer Hudson. If this was 10 years ago, I'd be at your front door, ready to whoop your ass. But you know what; I'm too grown for that. I ain't got nothing else to say

I'm his only woman, his woman
And you can't break up this home
You can say what you want
This is my man, get your own
After all these years I spent
Must've been close to 10
You can't mean the same to him
Especially when that's my man

Baby, now that he's with you
Tell me why he call me boo
Yes, he played you like a fool
'Cause he lying to you
I'm just trying to talk to you, baby
Woman to woman
Like two adults
Not trying to start no commotion
But the man you claim is yours
Says he's mine, and he loves me too
Same promises to you
The honest truth, yes, we both are fools
You might also like
Seems that you're the one who's calling me
Oh, he belongs to me
Only me and only me
This situation
You don't want no confrontation with, with me, boo
I don't know what he's telling you
But it seems to me that you're confused

I'm his only woman, his woman
And what you saying to me
I don't care

I'm not trying to go back and forth
Simply you're not welcome over here
After all these years I spent
Must've been close to ten
You can't mean the same to him
Especially when that's my man

Baby, now that he's with you
Tell me why he call me boo
'Cause he's lying to you
And I can't believe it
I can't believe it
The same man that I knew when he lived with his mama
I knew him too, yeah

The same damn man who care note that I paid
Who's bed that I made
So you better believe
After all the years I spent
Must've been close to ten
You can't mean the same to him
Especially when he's my man

Baby, now that he's with you
Tell me why he call me boo
Yes, he lied to me