Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
Remix! Remix!
KB, R&B
Look, JH, YJ
We here, why play?
You know I talk, talk, talk, that shit
Look, one thing about it, you don't want that
Let's go!

Say I understand the best thing in the world
Try your best to understand this, baby girl
I'm a G and I always will be
And I'ma thug it out until the hood's out, kill me
Y'all kill me, I got it like I ain't him
That's like baby brother, act it like it ain't slim
Trap girl can't deny that he ain't slim
Try to touch these  but he ain't 
And I love my hood, watch me hit 'em up
And they love what I do, watch me switch it up (Switch)
Yeah, you trippin', what you thinking?
Must be drinking, what you drinking?
CTE's what I'm claiming
I'm so hood, I ain't explaining
I'm so hood, I ain't explaining
Plug my album, I'm just playing
The Recession, I'm just sayin'
All that singin', what you sayin'?
I'm just sayin', why you playin'?
While I'm playin', hope you're prayin'
You probably miss your blessing, be back stressed
Doing all that column and all that text
You done bump your head, lost your mind
Since you in my spotlight, baby, go and get shined
Yeah!
You might also like
Are you a man who loves and cherishes and cares for me?
(Is that you? Is that you? Is that you?)
Are you a guard in a prison, maximum security?
(Is that you? Is that you? Is that you?)
Do we stay home all the time because you want me to yourself?
(Is that you? Is that you? Is that you?)
Or am I locked away, out of fear that I'll find someone else?
(Is that you? Is that you? Yeah)

Well, I don't like
Living under your spotlight
Just because you think I might
Find somebody worthy (Worthy)
No, I don't like
Living under your spotlight
Maybe if you treat me right
You won't have to worry

Is this a relationship fulfilling your needs as well as mine?
(Is that you? Is that you? Is that you?)
Or is this just my sentence? Am I doing time?
(Is that you? Is that you? Is that you?)
Oh, if this love, real real love, then I'm staying, no doubt
(Is that you? Is that you? Is that you?)
But if I'm just love's prisoner, then I'm bustin' out
(Is that you? Is that you? Yeah)
Oh, baby, I don't like
Living under your spotlight (Spotlight)
Just because you think I might (Just because you think I might)
Find somebody worthy (Find somebody worthy)
No, I don't like (I don't like)
Living under your spotlight (Living under your, under your)
Maybe if you treat me right (Treat me right)
You won't have to worry (You won't have to worry, no, no)

Oh, you oughta be
Ashamed of yourself
What the hell do you think you're doing
Lovin' me, lovin' me?
So wrong
Baby, all I do is try (Try)
To show you that you're my (My)
One and only guy (My guy)
No matter who may come along
Open your eyes, 'cause baby, I don't like
Yeah! Yeah! Yeah!
Remix! Remix!
Yeah Yeah Yeah!
Look, JH, YJ
Hey, 'cause I don't like
Living under your spotlight (Oh no)
Just because you think I might
Find somebody worthy (Find somebody worthy)
No, I don't like
Living under your spotlight (Living under your spotlight)
Maybe if you treat me right (Treat me right, yeah)
You won't have to worry (You don't ever have to worry)