J.E., y'all
Ooh, ooh
Mmm, mmm, oh

First time in my life I got a real woman
Who won't scream, she don't need no brother
All she needs is some loving and you know I got it
Make my baby happy, want her to be happy
And I'ma make this night so special
Treat her good 'cause in the past, I done learned my lesson
Hope she got her body good and ready for the session
'Cause I'm feeling that she's ready and I hope she's ready (Yeah)

Are you ready for a love like this? (Oh, yeah)
Do you think that you can handle what I got to give?
And don't tell me to keep it steady, are you holding back?
Just tell me what you're feeling (What you're feeling) 'cause I got the healing (Ooh)
Are you ready for a love like this?
Do you think that you can handle what I got to give?
And don't tell me to keep it steady, are you holding back? (Yeah)
Just tell me what you're feeling (Oh) 'cause I got the healing
Are you ready?
See Jagged Edge LiveGet tickets as low as $151You might also like
Though my job takes me away
I know you keep it poppin', stayin' safe and locked away
'Cause can't nobody do your body, girl, this kind of way
Raise your hands if you feel me, girl, I know you feel me
First chance I get, I'm on a plane
'Cause I can't stand to see my baby left alone again
Times are wasted, I can live just like a simple man
Chillin' with my baby, chillin' with my baby, oh

Are you ready for a love like this?
Do you think that you can handle what I got to give? (Oh)
And don't tell me to keep it steady, are you holding back? (Don't hold it steady)
Just tell me what you're feeling 'cause I got the healing
Are you ready for a love like this? (Are you ready, babe)
Do you think that you can handle what I got to give? (Can you handle, baby?)
And don't tell me to keep it steady, are you holding back? (Don't hold back, no)
Just tell me what you're feeling 'cause I got the healing (No, no, ooh)
Are you ready?

Are you ready for me to show you?
The things that I can do for you
Tell me are you ready
(Ooh) Are you ready?
(Ooh) Are you ready?
Are you ready for me to show you? (Ready, ready, ready, ready, ready)
The things that I can do for you (Tell me, tell me, tell me, baby)
Tell me are you ready (Tell me are you ready)
(Ooh) Are you ready? (Oh)
(Ooh) Are you ready?
Are you ready for a love like this?
Do you think that you can handle what I got to give? (Can you handle it?)
And don't tell me to keep it steady, are you holding back? (Tell me, baby, baby, baby)
Just tell me what you're feeling 'cause I got the healing (Tell me, baby, baby, baby)
Are you ready for a love like this? (See you)
Do you think that you can handle what I got to give? (Said I, kinda, fe-fe-fe-feeling)
And don't tell me to keep it steady, are you holding back? (Wanna spend with you, lady)
Just tell me what you're feeling 'cause I got the healing (Oh, woah)
Are you ready? (Oh, woah)

Said, baby, oh-oh
Oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh, baby