This here is a ReMarqable, So So Def Remix
J.E. y'all
Run-DMC to the beat y'all (Uh)
Ah-ha ahhh-ha
And me? Y'all know my name (Ha)
Come on

See, first of all (Yeah, ha)
I know these so-called players wouldn't tell you this (What?)
But I'ma be real and say what's on my heart (Yeah)
Let's take this chance and make this love feel relevant
Didn't you know I loved you from the start? (Yeah)
When I think about
All these years we've put in this relationship (Yeah)
Who knew we'd make it this far?
Then I think about (Ha)
Where would I be if we were to just to fall apart (And what?)
And I can't stand the thought of losing you (Let's go)

Meet me at the altar in your white dress (Ha, uh)
We ain't getting no younger, girl, so we might as well do it (Yeah)
Been feeling you all the while girl that I must confess (Come on, girl)
Girl, let's just get married (I)
I just wanna get married (Ha)
Meet me at the altar in your white dress
Girl, what you gon' do?
We ain't getting no younger, so we might as well do it (Ha, yeah)
Been feeling you all the while girl, I must confess (Ha, come on)
Let's get married
Baby, let's get married (Ha, check it out)
See Jagged Edge LiveGet tickets as low as $151You might also like
Said, I done it all (Oh, oh)
But frankly girl, I'm tired of this emptiness
I wanna come home to you and only you (Why?)
'Cause making love to just anyone ain't happening (Ha)
I just gotta be with you (Can you clap one time?)
Do you think about us finishing something we started so long ago? (Uh, ah)
I wanna give you my all
Do you think about maybe us havin' some babies? (Yeah, oh)
Come on won't you be my lady? (Kings and Queens)
Forever girl

What's going on across the seas?
It ain't nothin', I ain't frontin'
Shorty comin' with me
Now I done already gave you the key to tha Range
And your last name 'bout to change
Now you Mrs. Simmons, gotta a betta livin'
What a difference Rev-Run made
Used to be the snake type, hangin' out late night
Girl, you done made me change my life
Ever since you met me, keys to the Bentley
Now they call you the preacher's wife
I'm the type of guy that take you out
And buy that ring with the rock that'll break your arm
Playas won't try that, now you can't deny that
Triple dub, Rev to the Run dot com
Meet me at the altar in your white dress (Yeah, yeah)
We ain't gettin' no younger, we might as well do it
(We might as well do it)
Been feelin' you all the while girl, I must confess (Yeah)
Girl, let's just get married
I just wanna get married (Ha, oh)

Meet me at the altar in your white dress
Ha, even though we slow
We ain't getting no younger, we might as well do it
Yeah, I knew we had it then
Been feeling you all the while girl, I must confess
It's only right
Girl, let's just get married
I just wanna get married
Meet me at the altar in your white dress (Yeah, yeah)
We ain't getting no younger, so we might as well do it
If you twenty-five and older, you gotta turn this up
Been feeling you all the while girl, I must confess
If you eighteen to twenty-one, you gotta turn this off
Girl, let's get married
I just wanna get married (Yeah, yeah)
Meet me at the altar in your white dress (Oh)
We ain't getting no younger, we might as well do it (Woah)
Been feeling you all the while girl, I must confess
If that ain't ReMarqable, it's killing' 'em
Let's just get married
Let's get married, baby (Killin' 'em)
Let's get married, baby (Yeah, ow)
Meet me at the altar in your white dress
We ain't getting no younger, we might as well do it
Been feeling you all the while girl, I must confess
Girl, let's get married