Ooh, ooh-ah, ooh-ah, ah-ah
Ooh, ooh-ah, ooh-ah, ah-ah

Every day I age, I just want my life to change
I done been around, put away my childish things
Like my attitude, it ain't good to be so rude
I wanna be in love, it's my right to
And every year, I seem to make some really bad mistakes
And I'm ready now, I don't wanna be this way
I'm finding out, what it's all about, yeah
I wanna be in love

What's it like to be in love? (In love)
It's all I'm really thinkin' of (Thinkin' of, yeah)
And I was just wondering
Will love ever know me? (Ever know me, babe)
'Cause my heart is open, and I've been hopin'
To find what it is everybody keep on talkin' 'bout
What's it like to be in love? (Oh)
It's all I'm really thinkin' of
And I was just wonderin' (I was just wonderin')
Will love ever know me? (Will love ever know me?)
'Cause my heart is open (Yeah)
And I've been hopin' (Oh, yes, it is)
Somebody show me, what's it like to be in love?
See Jagged Edge LiveGet tickets as low as $151You might also like
My life has changed, somehow it's still so much the same
Got a bank account, I'm still broken down
I need to know (Need to know), where does this road go?
Hopefully someone for me (Oh, yeah)
Family (Family), that's so much to ask thee
Beggin' please, feel like I'm goin' mad
And I'd trade all I have (I'd trade)
Just to know

What's it like to be in love?
It's all I'm really thinkin' of (All I'm thinkin' of)
And I was just wondering (No, no)
Will love ever know me?
'Cause my heart is open (Heart is open)
And I've been hopin' (Been hopin', and hopin', and prayin', oh-oh)
To find what it is everybody keep on talkin' 'bout
What's it like to be in love? (Be in love)
It's all I'm really thinkin' of (Oh, yeah)
And I was just wonderin' (Yeah, yeah)
Will love ever know me? (Yeah, yeah)
'Cause my heart is open, and I've been hopin' (Hopin')
Somebody show me (Show me), what's it like to be in love? (What's it like to be in love?)

I know love ain't somethin' that you can go out and buy (Oh, no, out and buy)
When you're lookin', always seems like it's the wrong time (Oh, no, wrong time)
Well, I hope one day, I'll give away this heart of mine (One day)
Girl, I think I'm ready, I wanna know love
What's it like to be in love? (Woah, woah, woah)
It's all I'm really thinkin' of
And I was just wondering (Woo), will love ever know me? (Oh, yeah, yeah)
'Cause my heart is open (My heart is hopin')
And I've been hopin' (That I can find me someone, come on, yeah)
To find what it is everybody keep on talkin' 'bout (To show me what love is, yeah)
What's it like to be in love?
It's all I'm really thinkin' of ('Cause I just gotta know)
And I was just wonderin' (I just wanna know)
Will love ever know me? (And I got a right to know)
'Cause my heart is open (Yeah)
And I've been hopin' (Somebody, somebody, somebody, ooh)
Somebody show me, what's it like to be in love? (Somebody show me love, woo)

What's it like to be in love? (What's it like?)
What's it like to be in love? (What's it like? I just wanna know, baby)
What's it like to be in love? (I just wanna know, yeah)
What's it like to be in love? (What's it like?)
What's it like to be in love? (Girl, won't you tell me what it's like)
What's it like to be in love? (I just wanna know what it's like, I wanna know)
What's it like to be in love? (What's it like to be in love?)
What's it like to be in love? (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Girl, I just wanna know