Yo, you got five seconds to get to the dancefloor
The roof about to blow, So So, let's go
Uh, haha
Remix

All I see, over here ain't nothin' but a lot of honeys lookin' for man (Uh-huh, uh)
And niggas with a lot of money, bottles in they hand (Uh)
And short shirts, honeys tryin' to show that slow (Show that)
Lined up tryin' to get through the velvet rope
'Cause over here, when the jams drop, everybody bug
Standin' on the couches like this our club (Ha)
Got the Bacardi and Cristal mixed in too (Yeah)
Knowin' in the mornin' I'ma feel the blues (Uh-huh, uh)
But the jams keep droppin' (Uh-huh), and the drinks keep comin'
And the girls keep talkin' to me (Talkin' to you)
I mean, shit straight poppin', everybody jumpin' (Uh, yeah)
Makin' it hard for me to leave (Uh-uh, oh)

All you gotta do is call me
And I'll come runnin' to where the party at (Uh-huh)
I keep a fat sack in the backpack
Know what's happenin' in every city I'm rappin' in
If it's a after splash, I'm the last cat in
Kitten purrin', tight like virgin, like snow flurrin'
The party begins when the slurpin' ends (Oh)
You do me, I do you (Uh-huh)
Spend a night with boo-boo (Yeah)
Let's have a private party for two
But it's gotta be bumpin' in order for me to get cream
(Where the party at?)
Run to the border for Colombian's green
(Where the party at?)
Study horticulture
My green thumb keeps them water vapors twistin'
(Where the party at?)
I freak until I cum, I keep it number one (Uh-oh, ha)
See Jagged Edge LiveGet tickets as low as $151You might also like
(Uh-oh) Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh (Uh-huh, uh)
(Uh-oh) Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh (Yo)
(Uh-oh) Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh (Yo,, R.O.C., if the)
If the party's where you're at, just let me know

Uh, uh, now here we go, how 'bout another shot of Henny? (Uh-huh, uh)
I heard the apple martini happen to help plenty (Yeah)
Mami ven aqui, the party's over here
But the hustlers, gangsters, thugs is over here
Get with us (Why?) We true ballers like the Sixers
We all hoppin' out of sixes (Uh)
Mines is black, Jermaine's is champagne
Jagged Edge in the blue, black and pearl white and gray
What a sight to be seen (Uh)
So So Def's the crew, I thought you knew (Haha)
It's a beautiful thing (So beautiful)
I mean there's nothin' like us, it's true
The sun could retire if the rocks we got get any brighter (Woah)
Once I'm in, then the game that I kick begin
(Where the party at?)
My nickname is ESPN
(Where the party at?)
Now if ya jewels is blue and ya Goose is gray
(Where the party at?)
Mix in the O.J. and let's party away
(Uh-oh) Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh (Oh)
(Uh-oh) Oh-oh-oh-oh (Huh, oh-oh-oh)
(Uh-oh) Oh-oh-oh-oh (Uh-huh, uh)
If the party's where you're at, just let me know (Nelly, holla)

Just show me where that party at, dirty (Uh)
Somewhere where it's crackin' right around one-thirty (Uh-huh)
Never get there too early
Come in as is (Ayy), doo-rags and Timbs (Hahaha)
I'm rollin' past his (Ayy, uh), his little Jag and Benz
With the Rolls, not the one with the stem, the one with the rims
The one that seem to make more enemies than friends
I'm slidin' in past doors (Oh), both eyes closed (Uh-huh)
Both arms rose (Oh), both charms froze
With the S-O-S-O, D-E dot F (So So Def)
I'm buyin' bottles, bottles, until it ain't none left (Uh-uh)
I'm quick to go left (Yo), I plays with no ref
I Jams more than Def, baby, show me the club (Haha)
I'm like, "Hey, where that Bacardi at?" (Uh-huh, uh)
Come and mix it with the Cris', baby, what's wrong with that?
We in the V.I.P. twisted (Twisted)
Damn right, spliffed it (Yeah)
Two way and **** to him liggy-like he missed it (Haha, come on)
Left side, just put your hands up, throw 'em up
Right side, just put your hands up, throw 'em up
Everybody, put your hands up, throw 'em
When the beat come back around, e'rybody do it again
Do the Eastside run this mutha for ya? (Hell yeah)
(Where it at, y'all?)
Do my Southside run this mutha for ya? (Hell yeah)
(Let me hear you say)
(Uh-oh) And them haters and hittin' on
(Uh-oh) Ain't talkin' 'bout a
(Uh-oh) And they look like (*O-H-I-O*)
(Come on, Bow Wow, holla at 'em, *C-O, six-one-fo'*)
If the party's where you're at, just let me know

This lil' cat got girls, cat got flow
Fell up in the party, snuck in the back door (Okay)
I don't mean no harm, I just heard it was rockin' (Fo'sho)
Let me party wit'cha 'til the cops come knockin'
I'm tryna see what all the fuss about (Uh-huh)
Bounce a little bit before they put me out
I'm like the sun, this lil' homie got beam
Got girls twenty-one wishin' they was fourteen (Hahaha)
That's the effect that this phenom, Bow Weezy
When I do it I do it like it's for TV
They might come close
But you and I both know (Yeah) they can't see me
I'm a So So Def representative
Young niggas in the game, they was born to live
And we do what we do, we don't talk no smack
And we always know where the party at (Yo)
Bling, bling, bling

Ayy, where the party at? (Tell 'em)
Girls is on the way, where the Bacardi at? (J, J.E., y'all)
Bottles and models, talkin' all of that (Uh-huh, uh)
Know I can't forget about my thugs (Uh-huh, come on)
Where the party at? And all my girls (Yeah, uh-huh, uh)
Where the party at? Off in the club (Yo, Tigah)
Where the party at?
If the party's where you're at, let me hear you say

Man, I rip flows, get dough every time I rip shows
Rip hoes, when we mash out in Chevy's and fours
Niggas know they ain't heard it like this before (Uh-uh)
Whenever we pull up on the strip they say "Oh"
Chickens know me
Hundred-dollar macs and shorts, tank tops and Polies
If it's 'bout cash, I'm like gas, chick, I'm on E
On e'rything, me and Jagged
Every time we hit the club, this nigga's off the chain (Yeah)
And you can believe that (Yeah)
And if you don't, come on down here where you can see that (Uh-huh)
Anything you wanna be, best believe I be's that (Oh)
Where the G's at? Where the keys at?
Where the twenty-two's on them SUV's at?
Gotta have that from the do' (Uh, uh)
And gotta get me some mo'
Man, you think I'm goin' on a groupie? No
Spot me with a fifth in the velvet room
Crown Royale while J.E. spit this velvet tune