Yo, fuck rappin' and braggin' about the way you ballin'
Spray cans in my backpack and I was starvin'
In middle school with a trey five-seven revolver
My family said I wouldn't make it, now I'm grindin' harder
I dedicated this to the kids growin' up with no father
Believe me, I know what you goin' through, I almost lost it
Ever seen a teenage boy who's feelin' like robbin'?
That was me at 14, I was drivin' through Compton
On my way to Inglewood, I was thinkin' of nonsense
Somebody taggin' on the wall so I had to go cross it
Mothafucka I had guns in my mother's closet
The day she caught me, tear drops started fallin'
Then she slapped me in the face lookin' brokenhearted
How the fuck do I explain that my hood is stronger?
Enemies is lookin' for me, two in the mornin'
It's been about the two weeks and she still ignores me
I'm fuckin' up so much as hate that is built towards me
She's on the phone with my fam', sayin' I'm disappointin'
Sayin' I'm disappointin', oh man, I'm a disappointment

As I sit all alone with pain, I wonder
Will I ever see my mother smile?
I wonder, yeah
Will I ever see my mother smile?
Am I ever gonna see that day we stop strugglin'?
Will I ever see my mother smile?
Strugglin', yeah
You might also like
Yo, would you like to know why I was so troublesome?
That eviction notice on my door made me hustle drugs
I seen my mother cryin', 1999
My father left us behind, my feelings empty inside
I try to not miss him, me and my older sister
Carina please tell 'em 'bout that fucked up Christmas
I had to go to school lyin' to my friends
Pretendin' I was happy 'bout some shit I didn't get
Fake smiles through the whole winter I was cold
Wearin' old clothes and socks with holes in 'em
Gang members, I was close with 'em
I was just a kid they was askin' me to do some coke with 'em
I was broke, man, I'd rather sell some dope with 'em
Road trips to the border to go get 'em
Young and hopeless, tryna get into show biz
Hopin' they would give me a chance, nobody noticed

As I sit all alone with pain, I wonder
Will I ever see my mother smile?
I wonder, yeah
Will I ever see my mother smile?
Am I ever gonna see that day we stop strugglin'?
Will I ever see my mother smile?
Strugglin', yeah
Hahaha, Oh man, you know what really trips me out is that-, uh
People really think I owe them somethin'
You know, I hear people talkin' all the time
But-but it's like they don't know the struggle
And the shit we gotta go through to get to where we are right now
(But I don't owe them a damn thing)
I had to sacrifice so much time, you know?
Had to put my family through so much pain
It's like everything that I got right now, I owe it to the family
Finally my mother can smile now (Ooh)