Call me, call me, baby, call, call me

Sensual, sweet and kind
Beautiful as the stars in the night
Ebony, soft and warm
Tender lips I can kiss, that really turns me on and on

Call me any time if you think you fit the type (Call me)
Tell me, are you ready to get personal? (Ooh baby)
You can dial my line (Dial my line), extension 7-39
Let's get personal tonight

Ooh, sensitive, strong and fine
Voice that sings sweet and low, ooh, that's what I like
Look of love in his eyes
Confident and not afraid to say what's on his mind

Call me any time if you think you fit the type (Oh yeah, baby)
Tell me are you ready to get personal (Ooh, are you ready for me, baby?)
You can dial my line (Call me, baby), extension 7-39 (Yeah yeah)
Let's get personal tonight (Let's get personal tonight)
See Will Downing LiveGet tickets as low as $69You might also like
You never know how funny life can be
While I was searching for you, you were out looking for me
And I've been kind of lonely, I needed someone like you
If only for a moment, it's a fantasy come true

Call me any time if you think you fit the type (Call me, yeah)
Tell me, are you ready to get personal?
(Do you wanna get, do you, do you wanna get personal?)
You can dial my line (Are you ready?), extension 7-39
(Tell me, are you ready?)
Let's get personal tonight (Oh oh, oh oh)
Call me any time if you think you fit the type (Call me, call)
Tell me, are you ready to get personal? (And we'll get sexual)
You can dial my line, extension 7-39 (Call me)
Let's get personal tonight

Call me, baby, call me

Call me any time if you think you fit the type
(Call me if you think that you're lonely)
Tell me, are you ready to get personal?
(Do you wanna get, do you, do you wanna get personal?)
You can dial my line, extension 7-39
(I'll be waiting for you)
Call me any time if you think you fit the type
(I'm gonna be waiting for you, oh, seven days a week now, baby)
Tell me, are you ready to get personal?
(Are you the one for me, baby?)
You can dial my line (Baby), extension 7-39
(That's my number, baby)
Let's get personal tonight
Tell me, do you like to party? (I like to party)
Body to body? (Body to body)
Baby, then call me (Baby, then call me)
And say you want me  (I want you)
'Cause I want you, too, so
You can call my line
Just call me (Call me, call me, call me, call me)