Rico
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Bitch
Uh
Woah, Kenny

Yeah, your ass fat, but you a whack attack (Leaches)
See the money, you can't wait to latch (Screeches)
Skirting off, ain't talking quickie, talking get me out of here
Atmosphere, dinosaur, battleship, that'll teach your ass a lesson
I could hit the cookie right and make your body curl up
Got the pussy purring, cat calling to me
Clitoris in one hand, feline in the other (Yeah)
Simultaneously made the whole household nut up (Yeah)
Send you to your mother's, Cobb County shuttle
I don't peacoat bitches, bow for me like Rico (Come on)
I know I got the cheat code, I don't even play games
I just play with your front hole and your back hole

They do it now but I been did it
Catch me at the show, signing on some big titties
Pull up on who? Must be kiddin' (Who?)
I'ma go and get it, that's the only mission
(Yeah, yeah, get it, get it, get it)
You might also like
All these fuck niggas why bitches don't trust niggas (Nope)
I'm the one she hit up the minute she done with ya (Yeah)
She can get a taste, I never been vanilla
You ain't pull her, peep the bio and book her like Matilda (Ha)
Cut that attitude out, ain't tryna get boo'd up
Get your ass flewed out and get your back blewed out (Huh)
You get spit up and chewed out, I mean chewed up and spit out
Ain't forcing shit, if ain't no chemistry then I go whiff out (Yeah)
I'm a five-star guy, by far, you a sidebar
You a bounced check, I'm a swipe card
Dive in the pussy headfirst, I'm a lifeguard
If you ain't gon' let that bitch finish, my nigga, why start?

They do it now but I been did it
Catch me at the show, signing on some big titties
Pull up on who? Must be kiddin' (Who?)
I'ma go and get it, that's the only mission
(Yeah, yeah, get it, get it, get it)

You hoes can't pull it off like me
Talk like me, bet you wanna be the boss like me (Yeah, yeah)
All these hoes wanna sauce like me
Floss like me, walk up in the club with no ID (They ain't got shit on you)
I'm so icy, they keep on biting me
I was raised up in the jungle where they shoot at thieves
I guess bein' in the sun but without no sunscreen
I'm so supercalifragilisticexpialidocious (Wow)
You wonder why your life suck, it's because you ain't focused
Don't give that boy the pussy if you know he ain't worth it
You ain't learned yet? You worth way more than a Birkin
If that nigga got you out here looking crazy like a circus
They do it now, but I been did
Catch me at the show, signing on some big titties
Pull up on who? Must be kiddin' (Who?)
I'ma go and get it, that's the only mission, yeah
They do it now, but I been did
Catch me at the show, signing on some big titties
Pull up on who? Must be kiddin' (Who?)