This is Black Sheep, copy
State your position
	Well I'm in zone three but it's lookin pretty dry out here
	Request permission to put The Mission in action
Affirmative Black Sheep Five, that's a green light
You can set it when you're ready
	Ten-four Red Dog, it's on

Aiyyo question:
What does an Afro-rockin next-droppin Westside type
Have in common with a East rock a vest put you to rest type?
(What?) Women, we swimmin in 'em, like batter
I'm bony, he fatter (Watch it son!)  My bad Pun
I'm havin fun, playin with my kid side
I'm ready to hit the telly, tickle bellies from the inside
Y'all know that Shock's my name
I rock brew instead of champagne
Ask around the world and they'll t-tell you the same

Yo what the deal Shock?  (Love yo)
You know me, keepin they heels cocked
Still round cause I'm down, 400 lbs of steel cock
You feel hot I'll warm you up, I never call you slut
Or diss you that's why my initials is on your butt
I get it up when you need it, promise I'll never beat it
Satisfaction guaranteed it, twice as hard if you eat it
My style's comedic, but in the bed ain't nuttin funny
I'm bustin your bunny and leave you smothered with nuttin but honey
See Digital Underground LiveGet tickets as low as $42You might also likeWe on a mission in the club tonight
(girl)	You know we widdit
	Maxin he ain't on the thug tonight
(girl)	You know we widdit
	I like your thighs, ain't no cellulite
(girl)	You know we widdit
PLAY WITH MEEE!
	The Mission
Relax your feet and let me rub you right
(girl)	You know we widdit
	When it's over you can hug me tight
(girl)	You know we widdit
	Packin heat cause I'm a thug for life
(girl)	You know we widdit
LAY WITH MEEE!
	The Mission

Whateva, what you got, let's bounce, it's twelve o'clock
Let's blaze the thai, jump in the ride, find a live inside
Stressed all week, scheduled sheets, rhymes and beats
Hit the streets find a club and then bag the freaks
Whateva throw the keys to valet, let's make our way
To the club entrance (Yo there go Pun with like ten chicks!)
The line's sexy, but we gon' get in this bitch
Let me light a clip, look for the shorties with the nicest hips
We had to bend a piece like the Max casual slacks
Ordered the Cognac, laid back, planned our attack
Straight off the back I'd approach, 'fore we took off our coats
She got close, threw me the signal like a third base coach
	Yo Whateva what's the deal?
	Yo ain't no time to speak
	Where you at?
	What you think, about to find that freak
The night's just beginning, strobe lights and nice women
Get in where you fit in, it's just The Mission

Physically blubber bound, but I crush a hundred rounds
Eat every bit of you my tongue is Digital Underground
Fuck around and catch the tongue twister
Big Pun'll make you come til you cough up a lung sister
I ain't playin I be layin the laws sprayin your jaw
Makin em all pray, I came in em raw
Breakin em off, like I had two and the bump
Whylin in the club, while my thugs, doin The Hump
(girl) *repeat 2X*
I'd love for you, to come on through
And play with MEEEE 
You want me to, I love you Boo
So lay with MEEE 
Yeah we're lookin good, raidin the skivvies now
Stand by for coordinates on that supply drop
And make it heavy on the lotion, whip cream, and vaseline
Why don't you bounce to the crib wit me
(girl)	You know we widdit
Puff an L, take a swig wit me
(girl)	You know we widdit
	Open your mouth, make history
(girl)	You know we widdit
PLAY WITH MEEE!
	The Mission
Come up to suite, at the telly with me
(girl)	You know we widdit
	Rub jelly on your belly with me
(girl)	You know we widdit
	Work up a sweat and get smelly with me
(girl)	You know we widdit
LAY WITH MEEE!
	The Mission

I'm over 30 in this, still dirty in this, still flirty
With these misses, still Kissin 'Em Back (The same mission black!)
Yeah I'd love to meet my soulmate, but what if I don't?
(Good point) I ain't dyin horny, I ain't dyin broke (No way!)
No actually forget the money, all I need is love in my life
(In your life nigga?)  I'm talkin about tonight nigga
Yo Styles, is that the freak that we was dancin with?
(I think so, yup!)  Yeah c'mon let's see what's up
Yo let's slide in the silk sheets
(girl)	Ooooooooh
I'ma prove I'ma real freak
(girl)	Ooooooooh!
	I won't get mine til you feel free
(girl)	Ooooooooh
PLAY WITH MEEE!
	The Mission
I'm ready to go downtown on ya
(girl)	Ooooooooh
	I rub lotion all around on ya
(girl)	Ooooooooh!
	I wanna make freaky squeaky sounds witcha
LAY WITH MEEE!