Yeah, It's good shit you can't smoke a Newport to
You can't get like, you know, 65 cent on a pack
Gotta get a pack of Dunhills
When it come in the flat box
That costs some money

My name's Jean Grae, remade Jay-Z
I just got to be your lady
Excuse me, what's your name?
Cause I see some brothers tonight that should be hanging with Jean Grae
Baby (Excuse me, sir. Can I come? Possibly?
Take you out? Do some stuff? Can I take you out tonight?)

Bet you ain't know from the way that I stepped in
The light shown from the second floor down
The door that I write, nah
The more in to the fact that I'm so cute
Boots to the calf match the half top, jeans and the bag
Only thing missing is the ring on the finger
Partying single
Getting drunk like Steve Buscemi in "The Wedding Singer"
Now I need somebody next to me dancing, handsome
Love his mama, no drama, don't need a mansion
Trust, I need romancin' plus a weekend camping trip
We could go half on a cabin in that sh--
But Jean don't ski, and neither does he
So we lamp in the hot tub  it all passion
Hold your floss level down, man
I'm more concerned with being your girl than what you earning
Jean's different, pass on the Escalade grill
Pop up in the Caddy '68 Coupe de Ville
You might also like
Excuse me
My name's Jean Grae, remade Jay-Z
I just got to be your lady, Baby
(I don't have Scooby Doo's, I just... Kangaroo's maybe?)
My name's Jean Grae, remade Jay-Z
I just got to be your lady
Excuse me, what's your name?
I see some brothers tonight
That should be hanging with Jean Grae, Jean Grae
Baby, what's your name? (Whats your name? god damn it)
Cause I see some brothers tonight that should be hanging with Jean Grae, Jean Grae

All your friends like, "Who's that you with? She's not stupid
Plus her beat's hotter and spit better than you, kid"
Now you're fronting like Cupid ain't shot ya, Jean's gotcha
All giggly on the phone, your tone's softer
We ain't even bone and the and the zone it just grows closer
Dinner, movies, the backseat, arm on my shoulder
Ask me, questions, now we're talking relations past
Laughing at the stories and my lack of patience, you
See the drama got you on not dating
Cause the home training lacking in these hoes so you waiting
For a girl who ain't crazy, smarter than the average lady
Ambitious, but still get high, analyze Jay-Z
Smiley faces every time he IM's me
Either brother's a winner or the prize box is empty
Let the blunt burn
Dog, 1-2 'n 3, you live and you learn
Excuse me
My name's Jean Grae, remade Jay-Z
I just got to be your lady, Baby
(Look at me, look at me, look at me)
My name's Jean Grae, remade Jay-Z
I just got to be your lady
Excuse me, what's your name?
I see some brothers
Tonight that should be hanging with Jean Grae, Jean Grae
Baby, what's your name?
I still see some brothers tonight that should be hanging with Jean Grae
Jean Grae

Love, let's go, have fun on a daughter, asshole disorder
Bought fully, chalk weight, wipe it with eraser, clean slate
Cause I'm done writing for right now
Remember, open book test when you can read me, it's allowed
Boy, you got the heart that's been sitting cold for a while
I'm 'bout to hand the cop a key
And leave you one on the speed dial
About to make the sheets crease, make our leasing the same
Before I sign the papers, wait, what's your name?