Hey boy, you know sometimes when two people are in love
They just can't seem to get it together; And that's how I feel about you

He already knew I was down for the cause
But 'hard to get' is much more fun
What's better than that really
Son was like feel me
I was all, nah
Catching feelings truly upset when he had to go
And school me on ways of catching a mate, God
I'm matchin' a date cuz I'm lacking skills
And mack is smaller than an iPod
I'm kiddin' I know the mackin' is rules
Was tackin' on the wifey latch since backpacking in school
But he's different though I feel him mo
Can't play it simple, No
Can't fuck up the friendship for them dimples, nope
I need to enter his space and probe his Interscope
Just like I'm vanity lookin' for his inner glow
He's not a bad boy, I've never sampled his type before
Moved to New York from Los Angeles
Cali Swagger ain't attached to nothing
We puffin' analyzing the city after he's rolling something
I wanna rock a fella so bad, oh man
Note pad's filled with all the ink his soul had
Visions of us kissing the whole nine
No jive, could picture his whole profile
But I can't step, I risk the chance of losing everything
Our friendship is more important than a wedding ring
Now when he's calling me I keep acting shady
And lately screening all his calls to escape he
Keeping my heart safely tucked in but I can't function
Until the aftermath of our conjunctions passed
Punking out, I'm ducking out his way
Can't look him in the face, eyes drippin' with game
My mind's trippin' again, damn
You might also like
Damn, you just got me going crazy. I think I... I think I...
I love you. I think I love you but...

Maybe it just shouldn't be us two
Maybe I'm just not the one who's right you know
And maybe we can't be together tonight
Or maybe it's just not good
I mean, maybe you need another girl
Maybe I can't just be in your world
Maybe we just can't be together
For you, whatever

Boy you got me going crazy. Should we be lovers, should we
Be friends. I just wanna be with you, until the end

I, J. Grae do solemnly need this fresh to death man
Even blind girls can see that he's Def Jam
I'm in this universal problem
Y'all can probably relate, y'all follow then
So do I give my loving to him
Or would that just ruin everything that we're about
I'm so attached to him
He knows the way I am, tempers un-godly so
Domestic violence could turn to me on death row
He's so persistent with it, we're making out again
We double dating, out with one of his Columbia friends
He didn't graduate, so it makes him feel shitty
We leave the place and wonder hand in hand around the city
He leans in kisses me, his G-Unit shiftily
My mind is misses sweet we moving into ecstasy
His warmth next to me, now we're all necking
Three hours later naked, me laying in his arms affectionate
Maybe it just shouldn't be us two
Maybe I'm just not the one who's right you know
And maybe we can't be together tonight
Or maybe it's just not good
I mean, maybe you need another girl
Maybe I can't just be in your world
Maybe we just can't be together
For you, still whatever

Well I guess I, I guess I was the one for you
This is beautiful
Just us together forever and ever and ever
Can I get you anything?
Do you need some weed?
Some Backwoods?
A back rub?
A slice of cake?
I'd do anything for you boy...
Anything... anything...