Whoa!
For the rest of my life stick by my side for you I will die give my own life for yours is on the line girl it's bout that time for us to settle down now I'm on my knees I'm begging you please down on my luck but tonight might be the night that you agree we can spend eternity happily indefinitely, whoa! (baby won't you be my wife?)
Will you be my wife? (will you be my wife girl) I wanna love you for the rest of my life (I wanna love you I just wanna love you) Will you be my wife? (tell me tell me you'll be my wife, my wife) I wanna love you for the rest of my life (for the rest of my life)
Marry me (girl won't you marry me?) I'm down on my knees tonight (I'm down on my knees I'm down on my knees baby I'm jeggin (tonight) I'm pleading I need you to tell me tonight)
Yea!
The smallest things that you do mean so much to me to find the perfect lover yours will takes a century (century) a smile on my face every time you come around you never do me wrong you always hold me down (you always hold me down) you never lie to me that's why our love is strong I'm thinking bout you even when I'm work you not alone (even when I'm work you not alone) become my wife and no longer my girl we can start us a family and travel the world (baby won't you be my wife?)
Will you be my wife? (can you be my wife girl) I wanna love you for the rest of my life (I wanna love you I just wanna love you) Will you be my wife? (tell me tell me you'll be my wife, my wife) I wanna love you for the rest of my life (for the rest of my life)
If god created anything better he kept it to himself when I'm born from a trials and tribulations you're the one who relieve my stress and yes you make me say uhh yea uhh yea you make me say uhh yea uhh yea you make me say uhh uuh uuh uuh yea I'm down on bended knees set me free marry me raise a family Isaiah my Corey you and me overseas but there's something that's eating me I can't help it but get it off my chest (what's that baby?) I just wanna know one thing (baby won't you be my wife?)
Will you be my wife? (can you be my wife girl?) I wanna love you for the rest of my life (I wanna love you I just wanna love you) Will you be my wife? (tell me tell me you'll be my wife, my wife) I wanna love you for the rest of my life (for the rest of my life)