Can I put a little peer pressure on you? (On you?)
Are you ready? (You ready?)
'Cause I'm ready (I'm ready)
Can I put a little peer pressure on you?
'Cause I know you want it (Slide, you want it)
And I need it (Slide, slide, I need it, woah)

How ya doin' baby? Lemme introduce me
I'm a Bluestar from Miami
I'm 5'3", attitude cocky
You sweet like sugar honey
Of course you got a man, what that gotta do with me?
I see him over there, lookin' at me
I'm B-A-D, B-A-D
We can take it to the streets
If he feel like puttin' pressure on ya
I'll be there to protect ya
With all my L-O-V-E (With love)
All my L-O-V-E
You a P-Y-T, pretty young thang
And I ain't tryna say the wrong thang
Most boys only want one thang
So lemme ask you somethin', woah (Ohh)
See Pretty Ricky LiveGet tickets as low as $180You might also like
Can I put a little peer pressure on you? (On you?)
Are you ready? (You ready?)
'Cause I'm ready (I'm ready)
Can I put a little peer pressure on you? (Slide, yeah)
'Cause I know you want it (Spectacular, slide, you want it, slide, uh)
And I need it (Slide, 305, Dade County, ooh, I need it)

What's ya name? Where you from?
I see you alone, can I come sit with you? (Ooh, yeah)
I ain't a bugger, boo (Yeah)
But ya so fine, I had to bug ya, boo (Woo)
I ain't the average joe
Beat it like the Heat did the Mavericks home
I ain't never been pressured before
Next thing I know you was moanin'
"Oh, Spec', keep it so wet"
Put you in a cold sweat
Headed to the toes next (Oh yeah)
Baby girl, I'ma put you to the test
I'll be your teacher, your Platinum Visa
I'll be your pimp, you be my skeezer, my pleaser
Meet me at the Four Seasons for this pressure (Ohh)

Can I put a little peer pressure on you? (On you?)
Are you ready? (You ready?)
'Cause I'm ready (I'm ready)
Can I put a little peer pressure on you? (Slide, slide, slide)
'Cause I know you want it (Slick'em Hound, slide, you want it, slide)
And I need it (Slide, slide, I need it)
First I met you at school
Talkin' on the phone, everything seemed cool
You say you had a dude but oh, uh, so rude
Never did nothin' only got to base two (Yay, yay, yay)
Tried to hit a home run but never got through, like what they do?
Put you in the front seat, the coupe and we could cruise
Now baby girl, you so pretty to me
Now when we chill it's like a beautiful symphony
Now come vibe with ya boy, Lil' Slick from 5, 5
Hop in the S5, let's take a little ride to see the city skies
Go to Papa John's and get a split pie (Split pie, split pie)
Now I'm 21 about mines
And I know you 21 about yours
Baby girl, we can do this for sure
Keep it on the down low of course (Baby)

Can I put a little peer pressure on you? (On you?)
Are you ready? (You ready?)
'Cause I'm ready (I'm ready)
Can I put a little peer pressure on you?
'Cause I know you want it (Slide, you want it)
And I need it (Slide, slide, I need it, slide)

Pressure, pressure
Pressure for ya, babe
Pressure, pressure
Pressure for ya, baby
Pressure, pressure
Pressure for ya, babe
Pressure, pressure