Shit
There's a list of things I can start with
HeatMakerz
And I ain't here to make no issues of it
When we ball, even the feds took pictures of it (Capo)
And I ain't here to make no issues of it (Facts)
When we ball, even the feds took pictures of it

They wouldn't understand, before the 'Gram, what we did in public
I came to your block to point 'em out, like, "What nigga was it?"
Got these niggas hatin' 'cause these bitches love it
Lover's Lane, they know we love the game, we hit the strip and hug it
Bros before hoes, watch as niggas put a bitch above it
Shit, the Rollie froze, I'm talkin' drippin', every bit is flooded
I drop stacks out at Barney's
Lookin' like we at war, I'm wearin' a shirt that say 'Army'
Rambo in a Lambo, Valentino Campbell
For the soldiers that we lost we pour Ace and light a candle
And I don't rap for your convenience
I pop war inside a store, right in back of the convenience
And I, I still pack gats above the penis
Nigga neck lookin' like he practice with Serena
Call my lawyer, I ain't jackin' no subpoena
Feelin' like Pac, yellin', "What's brackin'?" out the Bimmer
Havin' nightmares, but Lord knows I'm a dreamer
Wakin' up scremain' ow my dead lawyer could lean her
Should I go deeper? (Should I?)
Should I go deeper?
Like the one-time when I had the street sweeper
Mad slow, very eager to pull up on a nigga, like
"What you did?" On that nigga like
"Who this for?" For them niggas like
For them niggas like
Fuck the politics, fuck the policies
Don't apply for loans, we ain't got checks for your college fees
The only world we recognize are the tech and the 'nologies
I know Ghostface Killah's like, on these sweats and these wallabees
I'm in your halls with Taj Mahals and some red caps
My country got the gall to be appalled by some red hat
Don't trip, get your panties in a bunch 'cause I said that
I went around with a bunch of niggas that let lead cap
I'm a product of where I'm from, but me and my neighbor are nothin' alike
He was a pumper, I was lieutenant and we was both hustlin' white, uh
Oppositions never changed the customer's price
I was right there for the whole thing, of course we adjusted the price
Now I cop watch and then I bust 'em on sight
Gold Rollie's lookin' like ace of spades and buckets of ice
Drop a kilo on Cuba and then I crush it with ice
Slow down, young man, please don't rush through this life
These niggas buy Chanel, spend money on lots of fail
Iceberg Smurf, where the fuck is the Gargamel?
My ladies stay drippy, boy back from where?
See Superman havin' brunch at Bagatelle (Chill)
Nigga, chill, let this whole thing spill
All at your head, couple more on the grill
Want beef with the smoke? Couple more on the grill
I ain't lost a step, y'all better chill
You might also like
For real
Better chill
Watch it
Watch your step, youngin