Muthafucka's
You know the Kottonmouth Kings done did this shit
You know the Kottonmouth Kings yo just dont stop
You know the Kottonmouth Kings is 10 years deep
You know the Kottonmouth Kings gives a fuck what you think
Ya'll muther fuckers better back the fuck up, stop running your mouth talkin shit bout the Klick
It's the motha fuckin Kottonmouth Kings bitch!
Get with the King klick

Now we done did this shit
And we still do this shit
Ya'll need to quit your lip
Get with the King klick!
Our Klick be the sickest
Your Klick act like bitches
Ya'll wanna get some riches
Get with the King klick!
Now everybody stackin' the dough
Everybody with the papers that wants some mo' yea
Everybody thats on the grind, yea serve anybody all day anytime uh
Drive-up teller service right to my back gate
That's the way I ran my game back at 1228
D, B, JR and A what can I say we used to run it nonstop
Sellin' nitrous, acid, extacy, shrooms, pills and a whole lotta pot
Makin' and spendin money
Just laughin and actin' funny
Throwin' parties and pullin' honeys...??
See Kottonmouth Kings LiveGet tickets as low as $41You might also like
They call me X-Tra-X
See I'm the realest yet
I'm like that old school vet, put your whole crew to the test
Ill knock you out your socks, run your ass off the stage
I'm pushin major weight, makin plays like Willie Mays
Over the shoulder I get colder as the pressure mounts
I'm gettin older so I like my green in large amounts
I'm self made never rode on no ones coat or dick
I'm gettin paid when you run your mouth about that fuckin' klick

Now we done did this shit
And we still do this shit
Ya'll need to quit your lip
Get with the King Klick!
Our klick be the sickest
Your klick act like bitches
Ya'll wanna get some riches
Get with the King Klick!
See we got bags of herb
That we'v been known to serve
Ya'll wanna move some? Word!
You know the King Klick!
So please dont speak to late
Please do not hesiatate
Yall want that family grave?
You know the King Klick!
D-D-dash-dash double O trouble double O dash
I will bust that ass
Ya'll muther fuckers watch your back
D-double dash dot double O trouble, when you pass me the mic who's ready for the rumble
Ya'll know wussup, you dont want this shit
This your boy D-Loc from that KingSpade click
Were taken names your gettin broked out quick
And I dont give a fuck if you think your slick
Dog I dont give a fuck if you think you hard
Cuz ya'll muther fuckers will get scarred
Cut you up quick you know the gensu master
And everybody know I go a little faster
Slice and dice and cut you up
You know Shakey Bonez dont give a fuck

And now we're takin vacations over sea's
Off profits from weed, its me Johnny Richter from the Kottonmouth Kings
Now thats the sickest klick this scene has ever seen
Its also the same klick that be on top of the green
So who's really wanna be down?
Who's down to clown
Who's down for the underground sound
Who's down to rep the krown
Who's down for the city of P-Town
Who's in it to win it, who's in to finish
Who's ready and willin when its time to ?pin it?
Go get that dough that we've been waitin' for come on let's go
Get with the King Klick!!

Out like some super stars
In the back of these limousine town cars
Every where we roll people they know who we are
Were closin out the show then we shuttin down the bar
You kow the King Klick!!

24's spinning win I'm pulling up to the club
You know I never wait in line cuz I'm always getting love
Im with them V.I.P.s gettin drunk smelling like buds
It's time to get crunk on the West Coast cuz
Double dash in your ass
No time for the rhyme getting loose getting drunk, calling out bitch crew's
Kottonmouth to the mouth what the fuck ya'll motherfuckers talking about you
Getting fucked up
Keep trying to test dont think you want this shit bitch eat a dick back the fuck up and get these nuts!......Trick


Mutha Fucka's!
Get with the King klick!
Get with the King klick!
Mutha Fucka's!
Get with the King klick!