Let me tell you story about. How some good ol boys do it

Pack your bowls
Lets get stoned
As we head on down the road. (As we head on down the road.)

Now please come and take a journey through life with me
Experience what its like for 13 weeks
On a bus loungin in my bottom bunk yeah
With my pillow from home im catching and rollin Z's
Countin sheep while im sleeping in my satin sheets
Its a long way from X in a double feak
I spend my day walking up and down invisible streets
Smoking weed with the kings its a hella good thing

I spent a lifetime on the open highway. A tough choice but I got to do it my way
My voice is blown home so far away no day off for another 8 days
Im passed exhaustion I haven't slept for a week. My girls trippin and we gettin searched by the heat
On top of that my merks guy rips this blind worst part I thought he was a friend of mine

Pack your bowls pack your bowls. Pack your bowls pack your bowls
As we head on down this winding road. (As we head on down the road)
Pack your bowl lets get stoned. (Ah lets get stoned lets get stoned.)
As we head on down the road. (As we head on down the road.)
See Kottonmouth Kings LiveGet tickets as low as $41You might also like
Yeah you know im always getting stoned. Waking up everyday in the morning rollin bones
Big ones always keepin it hot ya know the type to smoke out like some gun shots
Put your brain in a slipknot lifes slipknot have you standing on a rooftop rooftop rooftop
A foot in the gas lean back while im mashing why its up throw em up roll em up things I last

Ha ha ha my lifes kinda funny man. Been everywhere smoke can out from michigan
I heads spinning yo I think I need a cat scan. We smoking so much weed on the cap-i-tan
Richters mind the can with a bud light in cans im getting loose when I roll with my band
And when im with my friend we getting out of hand, im on the wrong way flicking us we never back again


We smoke up indo out the window
Show after show we go out for broke
Rips like candle smoke like candle
Toke after toke we roll down the road yo

Back on the road we right in the thick of things
Dippin, Dodging, riding through different scenes
Different counties, cities, and districts somebody call a doctor this crew is so sick!
We the king klick cannabis monsters chewing up lobsters holla helicopters
And they oughta X the godfather to go for to pickin on coronas sippin on coladas