Your lipstick, his collar, don't bother, angel
I know exactly what goes on

When everything you'll get is everything that you've wanted, princess
Well, which would you prefer?
My finger on the trigger, or
Me face down, down across your floor
Me face down, dead across your floor
Me face down, down across your floor
Well, just so long as this thing's loaded

And will you tell all your friends
You've got your gun to my head?
This all was only wishful thinking
This all was only wishful thinking
Let's go

Don't bother trying to explain, angel
I know exactly what goes on when you're on, and
Wait... how about I'm outside of your window?
(Well, how about I'm outside of your window?)
Watching him keep the details covered?
You're such a sucker (for a sweet talker, yeah)
You're such a sucker...
You might also like
And will you tell all your friends
You've got your gun to my head?
This all was only wishful thinking
This all was only wishful thinking
And will you tell all your friends (The only thing)
You've got your gun to my head? (I regret)
This all was only wishful thinking (Is that I)
This all was only wishful thinking (I never let you hold me back)

Hoping for the best, just hoping nothing happens
A thousand clever lines unread on clever napkins
I will never ask if you don't ever tell me
I know you well enough to know you'll never love me
Hoping for the best, just hoping nothing happens (Why can't I feel anything from)
A thousand clever lines unread on clever napkins (Anyone other than you)
I will never ask if you don't ever tell me (Why can't I feel anything from)
I know you well enough to know you'll never love me (Anyone other than you)
And all of this was all your fault
And all of this...
(It makes things worse!)
I stay wrecked and jealous for this, for this simple reason, I
Just need to keep you in mind as something larger than life
I stay wrecked and jealous for this, for this simple reason, I (She'll destroy us all before she's through)
Just need to keep you in mind as something larger than life (And find a way to blame  somebody else)
I stay wrecked and jealous for this, for this simple reason, I (She'll destroy us all before she's through)
Just need to keep you in mind as something larger than life