Lookie here
Listen up
I'm the one, oh!

Hey, girls, my name's Alaska
I got a tiny little question to ask ya
Who's that bitch that's on the top?
Oh, wait, that's me! Hey, Porkchop!
You're born naked, the rest is drag
But your face just needs a paper bag
Gimme a challenge and I'll crush you all
Changin' the game like my name's RuPaul
Line 'em up, front to back
I'm sendin' bitches home like a heart attack
Mess with me and you'll wind up in a casket
I'm Dorothy, you're Toto, get in the basket!
I'll read you down beneath the ground
Could you hold my purse while I snatch the crown?
Legacy, remember my name
'Cause you're gonna see me hangin' in the hall of fame!
Wrote ya, been read
I'm the one, one, one
I'm the one, one, one
I'm- I'm the one
You might also like
Detox comin' at you with a slow verse
I'ma speed it up, I had to shut it down first
Killin' bitches so hard need a pink hearse
I ain't sayin' I'm the best, but I ain't the worst
You see me shinin' I'm tryin' to take this primetime
I see you whinin' and cryin'; take that to Lifetime
So epic that it's poetic, I spit it on a dime
On Reddit, you look pathetic with that nursery rhyme
You can't stand me? I don't blame you
If Ru's number 1, I'm number 2
You disagree? Well, that's on you
Eyes on the chalkboard, I spell it out for you
D to the E to the T to the O to the-Hold it!... X
Naomi Campbell-in' the hoes to the crown, next!
Wrote ya, told ya, now I, now I read ya (read ya)
Wrote ya, told ya, now I, now I read ya (read ya)
Wrote ya, told ya, now I, now I read ya
You been read

I'm the one, one, one
I'm- I'm the one, one
Yekaterina Petrovna Zamolodchikova
But your dad just calls me Katya
I'm the bright red scare with the long blonde hair
Always keep 'em coming back for more
You a basic-ass ho and it's your time to go
So bitch let me show you the door
'Cause it's me who's getting laid
And I'm always getting paid;
The only high-class Russian whore
I'm a scorching hot mess in a skin-tight dress
That's a rash, not a herpes sore
Lenin in the streets, Dostoyevsky in the sheets
Baby, are you ready for this Cold War?
Katya Zamolodchikova

Wrote ya, told ya, now I, now I read ya (read ya)
Wrote ya, told ya, now I, now I read ya
You been read

I'm Roxxxy Andrews and I'm here to make it clear
I know you love me, baby, that's why you brought me here
Was a bitch on Season 5, I'm gonna make it right
Give me a sewing challenge and I'll give you what you like
I'm full of tricks, baby, just like on Halloween
A room full of monsters and it makes me wanna scream
I have to get this right so you don't waste your time
Not like my comedy, I'm killin' on this rhyme
I'm gonna show you what I can do
You're going crazy and seeing two
It's not my fault, you can't blame my game
All these other hoes, but they're all the same
Wrote ya, told ya, now I, now I read ya (read ya)
Wrote ya, told ya, now I, now I read ya
You been read

I'm the one, one, one

Wrote ya, wrote ya, told ya, now I