Sov : Whattttt!
Mister Lacey : Come here! You think you're going to school dressed like that?
Sov : Dressed like what dad?
Mister Lacey : Look how short that skirt is love!
Sov : Yeah, WHAT! It's fashion man!
Mister Lacey : Yeah, WHATEVER, you going homework club after school?
Sov : Yeah, course!
Mister Lacey : Ah that's alright then, here, take a fiver for lunch
Sov : Can I have 10, can i have 10 please!?
Mister Lacey : Alright, alright, later!
Sov : Byeeeeeeee!
Verse 1 -
You might also likeIn this modern day world, it's hard to behave, your daughters having sex when she's underage
And your son has a gun it's the latest craze, and they both take drugs, it's just a phase
Dont blame me, it's the way we was raised! some of us were'nt raised, left on our Jays
Left all alone, left in a rage and it's hard to behave in this fucked up place!
Never liked school, teachers were gay!
Rarely had a positive thing to say!
After school pain, i was bullied everyday, but they dont listen!
They just lower my grades!
The world moves at such a rapid pace, i'm 19 now, and alot has changed
Many said that i was a waste of space, i pull my pants down and take a shit on their face!
Chorus -
Your boy's gone bad, your girl's a slag! as years go by, it gets more bad
And all you do is blah and sulk
And the fact is, it's all your fault!
Your boy's gone bad, your girl's a slag! as years go by, it gets more bad
And all you do is blah and sulk
And the fact is, it's all your fault!
Verse 2 -
Sov -
Tell me how can an innocent looking 5ft1 lady
Get picked on by onlookers daily?
Could it be the fact that i slick my hair back?
Or the way i wear my jeans so my batty look flat?!
Grannies are the worst!
Clutching their purse!
When we first hit the bus stop, SHIT!
This must stop
I dont want your pension, not to mention...
Your rolly thing purple wig or your last benson
I hated school, broke all the rules
Put gum on the table, graffitied the walls
You know what? i never learnt fuck all
I just scrunched up papers into likkle balls and
I dashed them in the teachers head, NUFF SAID
Got them vexed till they turned red!
Then i left
Left my mark like a star singin BLAH BLAH REEHHH REEHH RAAHHHH!
Chorus -
Your boy's gone bad, your girl's a slag! as years go by, it gets more bad
And all you do is blah and sulk
And the fact is, it's all your fault!
Your boy's gone bad, your girl's a slag! as years go by, it gets more bad
And all you do is blah and sulk
And the fact is, it's all your fault!
Verse 3 -
Mister Lacey -
A word to tony, a word to george ...
If we promote guns, you promote war!
Coverage live on BBC and your kids watch this when they're 3
Child gets told that he ain't shit
Child gets down and feels like shit
Wants to end his life real quick
Grabs a razor and slits his wrists
People cry, the child has died!
Wondering why it werent his time!
Sitting here wondering, whens the time
Politics wipes out all mankind
Past generations, caused devestation
Not much left for our generation
PLEASE
Just stop, pause and think
At this rate, we'll be all extinct
Chorus -
Your boy's gone bad, your girl's a slag! as years go by, it gets more bad
And all you do is blah and sulk
And the fact is, it's all your fault!
Your boy's gone bad, your girl's a slag! as years go by, it gets more bad
And all you do is blah and sulk
And the fact is, it's all your fault!
Outro -
Jace : Your dad thinks you're going homework club innit?
Sov : Yeah man, but my mans coming to pick me up in his XR-3 innit
Jace : XR-3?