What a skeletal wreck of man this is
Translucent flesh and feeble bones
The kind of temple where the whores and villains
Try to tempt the holistic tomes
Running rampant with free thought to free form in the free and clear
And the matters at hand are shelled out like lint at a laundromat
To sift and focus on the bigger, better now
We all have a little sin that needs venting, virtues for the rending
And laws and systems and stems a rift from branches of office
Do you know what your post entails?
Do you serve a purpose or purposely serve?
Wind down inside your atavistic allure
The value of a summer spent
And a winter earned
For the rest of us, there is always Sunday
The day of the week that reeks of rest
But all we do is catch our breath
So we can wade naked into the bloody pool
And place our hand on the big black book
To watch the knives zigzag between our aching fingers
A vacation is a countdown
T-minus your life and counting
Time to drag your tongue across the sugar cube and hope you get a taste
What the fuck is all this for?
(What the hell's goin' on?)
Shut up!
I could go on and on, but, lets move on shall we?
Say, you're me and I'm you and they all watch the things we do
And like a smack of spite they threw me down the stairs
Haven't felt like this in years
The great magnet of malicious magnanimous refuse
Let me go and plunge me into the dead spot again
That's where you go when there's no one else around
Its just you and there was never anyone to begin with now was there?
Sanctimonious pretentious dastardly bastards
With their thumb on the pulse and a finger on the trigger
"Classified," my ass! That's a fucking secret and you know it
Government is another way to say, "Better than you"
It's like ice but no pick, a murder charge that won't stick
It's like a whole other world where you can smell the food
But you can't touch the silverware

Ha, what luck
Fascism you can vote for
Isn't that sweet?
And we're all going to die someday 'cause that's the American way
And I've drunk too much and said too little
When you're gaffer taped in the middle, say a prayer, save face
Get yourself together and
(See what's happening)
Shut up!
(Fuck you!)
Fuck you
I'm sorry, I could go on and on, but it's time to move on so
Remember you're a wreck, an accident
Forget the freak, you're just nature
Keep the gun oiled and the temple clean
Shit, snort, and blaspheme
Let the heads cool and the engine run