Come on, come on (Uh)
That's right
Nonpoint, Darwin's Grimm in the house
Lemme hear that shit (Hey)
Nah mean? Uh
'Bout to slay those fuckin' tracks (Yo, check, yo)
Here we go, come on

Once upon a time, not long ago
When people wore pajamas, and lived life slow
When law was stern, and justice stood
People were behavin' like they all too good
There lived a little boy that was misled
By anotha little boy, and this is what he said, check it:
"Me and you, kid, we gonna make some cash!" (What? What?)
"Robbin' old folks, and makin' the dash!" (Come on, come on!)
They did the job, money came with ease
But one couldn't stop, it's like he had a disease
He robbed anotha, and anotha, and a sista, and her brotha (Stealer, stealer, stealer, stealer)
Tried to rob a man who was a D.C. undercover
Cop grabbed his arm, and started actin' erratic, he said
"I got you all in check!" Come on!

Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, come on!
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, come on!
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, come on!
Yah, yah, yah, yah, yah, come on!
See Nonpoint LiveGet tickets as low as $652You might also like
And when I step up in the place, ya know I step correct
(Woo-hah!!) Got you all in check!
I got that head nod shit that make you break your neck
(Woo-hah!!) Got you all in check
Well, you know we come through to wreck the discotheque (No doubt)
Woo-hah!! Got you all in check!
Throw your hands up in the air and never disrespect
Woo-hah!! Got you all in check

Yo, Grimm? What's up?
Which mothafucka stole my flow?
Eenie, meenie, miney, mo
Throw that type of nigga right out the window
Blast your ass, hit you with a direct blow
Bwah! Comin' through like G.I. Joe
Star Wars movie deal, like Han Solo
Make you bounce around like this was Calypso
Always shine 'cause I got the high, pro glow
You think that you can hide, you think you can lay low
Roll up on your ass like Hawaii 5-0
Macked out with my dreads in my kangol
Forget the Moet, nigga, just pass the Cisco
Yo! Take a trip down to Mexico!
Come back with that shit that might make ya psycho
Maximum frequencies through that stereo
Sorry, this is it, but homeboy, I got to go (Said to go)
Yo, where you go? Where you at? Bring it back
The props to all my people on the hip-hop scene
Who goin' fast than me without much sheen
My inspiration from youth, killa bee got loose
The M.E.T.H.O.D. Man won't kick with a Jew (Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha)
Said, "M-E-T-H-O-D man!"
M-E-T-H-O-D man!
M-E-T-H-O-D man!
M-E-T-H-O-D man!
Break yoself, nigga (Man)

Hey, you! Get off my cloud
Lemme get raw with my southpaw style
Mover, puffin' on a fat blunt from Cuba
It's the Meth-Tical jet to Cal, I'm the buddha
Monk on the hunt for machine gun foes
Keeps you open like a slug from the shotgun (Pump, pump, pump)
Double-barrel, yeah meth bring it to them proper
Partner, you ain't got no wins in mi casa
Straight up, you movin' too fast, so baby, wait up
Took one, added seven mo, now you're eight up
Get on down wit ya bad self, get on down
Listen to the sound, come on
Few can ever get this whole commit legit
See, you all up in my dick, but you don't know shit, uh-huh
What's your definition of a real MC?
From what you dedicated, yeah, it must be me
Meth-Tical, a lewd descendant of the loud hip-hop
I goes on to the break of dawn, and just don't stop
Gimme the green light, and the sign one-way
Elias, what you got to say? Come on
Move it in, move it out
Stick it in, pull it out
Shake it up, shake it down
Come on yeah, Meth-Tical
I hope and pray that I will
But today, I am still
Just a M-E-T-H-O-D man
M-E-T-H-O-D man
M-E-T-H-O-D man
M-E-T-H-O-D man

M-E-T-H-O-D man
M-E-T-H-O-D man
M-E-T-H-O-D man
M-E-T-H-O-D, D man
M-E-T-H-O-D man
M-E-T-H-O-D man
M-E-T-H-O-D man
Break yoself, nigga (Get the fuck up)
M-E-T-H-O-D man
M-E-T-H-O-D man
M-E-T-H-O-D man
M-E-T-H-O-D, D man
Man
Man
Man