(Yeah)
Party over! (Down)
Party over! (Sit)
(Watch it, watch out now!)
Trick Trick!

He in the club with his  ripped, I got the hoes
Who I came in this bitch with? Nobody knows
I'm in the corner so it kinda look like I'm alone
When I see he finna make his move, I look at 
Diezel ease up behind his ass, he on his heels
Trynna' watch him from the left, nigga, this shit is real
We finna give this mother fucker somethin' that the can feel
 starin' at this nigga like, the last meal
Dealin' cane around the corner, he got the thang
He don't notice that it's on the floor, we finna bang
I got some East Side killas with me, this ain't a game
Big Sweets, Big  x, to bring pain
Here come  Cash, Lil' J, and Big T
They ain't know I brought this many killers, with me
Big Boy stepped in front of me, I tapped his shoulder
Beat his mother fuckin' ass, holla "The party over!"

What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck you lookin' at nigga? (What?)
What the fuck you lookin' at nigga? (?)
What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck you lookin' at nigga? (What?)
What the fuck you lookin' at nigga? (?)
You might also like
I got a bad bitch, she's checkin' for me, this bitch tall
She seen the Wonder Boy's  beamin', and bitches froze
The way she lookin' at me, know she wanna get low
Notice the mother fucker stand like this his house
Grab my hand, pull me to the door, say "Let's leave"
I can tell he got somethin' stupid up his sleeve
He ain't see me toast a hundred bottles with these G's
I can blink an eye ?, he won't breathe
So I figure I gon' ask this nigga, what it was?
I don't wanna make it seem like I got a buzz
But I do, and it's talkin' to me, "Fuck him up"
I'ma talk to this nigga first, to see what's up
I was calm for a minute, but! It didn't last
And this stupid lookin' mother fucker is talkin' back
Don't wanna shut the club down. Trick! Give him a pass
But he still keep starin' at me, now beat his ass

What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck you lookin' at nigga? (What?)
What the fuck you lookin' at nigga? (?)
What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck you lookin' at nigga? (What?)
What the fuck you lookin' at nigga? (?)

This bitch must be crazy, she actin' outta order
She's pissed 'cause her man been waitin' to meet Korona
I'ma have to pull my blade, and get to cuttin'
Better yet, my niggas got them K's, they get to bussin'
But I'ma knock this bitch out, on some D shit
Stomp the hooker out 'til her ass can't see shit
We fifty deep but I ain't bout to call my squad and
We terrorize clubs like we roam with Bin Laden
We throw chants, elbows, and all that
If you don't wanna get yo ass kicked then fall back
Or get your jaw cracked with this baseball bat
Keep frontin' like you hard, and catch a slug when you haul that
And I don't wanna go to jail for murda
But this ho 'causin' a seen unheard of
And I'ma have to hurt'a, whip out the burna
Send that bitch to the  for fuckin' with Miz Korona
What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck you lookin' at bitch? (What?)
What the fuck you lookin' at bitch? (?)
What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck you lookin' at bitch? (What?)
What the fuck you lookin' at bitch? (?)