Okay (Teacha), I've got one question (Yeah)
One question (Yo, Cali) Who am I?

The MC, la-di da-di
I don't wear Versace, I wear DJ's out quickly at the party
Who am I? If you're like me, hip-hop is in your body
Who am I? THE MC
When the jam is slow and you need a proceeder
Who am I? THE MC
When you need a lyrical leader wit oratorical triple features
Who am I? THE MC
When you need to rock your 3000-seat arena, best believe, uh
Who am I? THE MC
When you need to get the word on the street wit' demeanor
Who am I? THE MC
I beg thee, let me splurt rhymes, I have plenty
Who am I? THE MC, Lord have mercy
I hit sudden like Percy
Always New like Jersey, stay thirsty
Who am I? THE MC
Showin' my authority, superiority
An artistic minority, now you startin' me
'Cause party philosophy can only be carried out by
Who am I? THE MC
No doubt, predicting far ahead what will set the party off immensely
With plenty of who? THE MC
Trained at Rooftop, Red Zone, Roxy and Bentley's
Who am I? THE MC
Gently move crowds with harmonious rhythm
'Cause the lyrics we give 'em, they miss 'em
Who am I? THE MC, again, the MC
Her infinite power helps oppressed people sent me to tell you
If you truly study lyrical flows and stay on your toes, you will be
Who am I? THE MC
And as an MC you will study verbal magic
But watch what you say 'cause you'll attract it
Control your subconscious magnet from pullin' in havoc
Who am I? The MC
Non-stoppin' MC, hip-hoppin' MC
Verbal rockin', head knockin', quick droppin' MC
I laugh 'cause I mastered the craft MC
In sound clash I'm the first and last MC
It's sort of like Jim Carrey throwin' that mask to me
I black out and wake up to catastrophe
Three MC's dead from the sound blowin' out massively, wow
Who am I? The MC
Untouchable, can't be caught off guard with fast tracks or slow tracks
Ass cracks get waxed to the max, MC's pack raps for all tracks
Indigenous cultures, Asians, Whites and Blacks
Never missed it the linguistic of
Who am I? THE MC
Meta-lyrical, poetic, mystic MC
Hearin' the voice of an ancient spirit MC
Premeditated worder
Killin' negative concepts out the mind of the observer, MC
You deserve a break from counterfeits, frauds and fakes
Claimin' to be an MC, for Heaven's sake
Well, this MC done raised the stakes
Under the stress of KRS, contracts and mental gaps are bound to break
Who am I? THE MC, again, the MC