We want Eazy
Yeah, yeah
Can y'all hear that? (Yeah) Can y'all hear that? (Yeah)
Well, clap your hands then, come on
Clap your hands, everybody
Clap your hands, come on, come on
Put your hands together and clap 'em
Now can y'all say "Eazy"? Come on, say it

(Eazy) Everybody, come on
(Eazy) Who'd y'all come to see?
(Eazy) A little louder, come on
(Eazy) Get those hands in the air
(Eazy) Come on, come on, say it
(Eazy) A little louder, come on
(Eazy) Come on, make some noise
(Eazy) Ayo, Ren, let's do this

People from everywhere, gather around
Checkin' out the sound that Eazy is throwin' down
With some help from Ren and Dre
Makin' our way with dope styles, yo, Eazy, what ya gotta say?
You might also like
A miracle of modern creation
Eazy E's on the set, hyped up with the bass
And a little bit of what ya love
From a brother who's smooth like a criminal, I mean subliminal
Otherwise known as a villain
Because I'm ruthless, when I spot a sucker, I kill 'em
But most, I think, know not to deal with me
Yo, it's obvious, tell 'em who you came to see

(Eazy) Everybody, come on
(Eazy) A little louder, say it
(Eazy) Come on, say it, say it, say it
(Eazy) Come on, come on, come on, come on
(Eazy) Who'd y'all come to see?
(Eazy) A little louder, come on, say it
(Eazy) Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on
(Eazy) Ayo, Yella Boy, take me to the bridge

Eazy, hey, Eazy
What's up?
Why you wear your pants like that?
I wear my pants like this for easy access, baby (Get funky with it)
Yeah, that's right
Yo, homeboy, where we takin' this jam to? (Compton)
Where? (Compton)
Alright
Now, I wanna know who y'all came to see
(Eazy) Everybody in the house
(Eazy) Come on, say "Eazy," come on
(Eazy) Say it, say it, say it, say it
(Eazy) Come on, everybody, come on
(Eazy) I can't hear you
(Eazy) Everybody, come on, say it
(Eazy) Who'd y'all come to see?
(Eazy) Yo, Eazy, kick another verse

Yeah, 'cause this is the way I know you like it
So you won't strike it, I took it and I hyped it
And now that it's done, I know you're pleased
At how the E just does it with ease
Just imagine a crowd screamin', a girl dreamin'
Just to get a picture of me and
My B-O-Y-Z from the H-double-O-D
N.W.A. down with me
Strong and I'm ragin', turn the page and
See I'm not a son of a gun, I'm a gauge and
Nothin' can avoid this shot 'cause it's hittin'
It's so cool, when you touch it, wear a mitten
I'm comin' off raw into ya speaker
Makin' the suckas on the street feel weaker
But most, I think, know not to deal with me
Yo, it's obvious, tell 'em who you came to see
(Eazy) Y'all know what time it is
(Eazy) Come on, y'all gotta get more hyped up than that
(Eazy) Come on, say it, say it, say it
(Eazy) Do it, do it, do it, do it
(Eazy) Get those hands back in the air
(Eazy) Come on, come on, come on
(Eazy) Who'd y'all come to see?
(Eazy) Take me back to the bridge, I liked that part

Yo man, you weren't born in no '73, why you be lyin' about your age?
Man, why you gotta bring that up?
Yo, get this fool outta here
Yo, Eazy, why you always cussin' on yo records?
Man, who are you? Gene Autry or somethin'?
I just do that to get my point across
Now I wanna know who you came to see

(Eazy) Everybody, come on
(Eazy) Ayo, this record's almost over
(Eazy) So that means y'all gotta get hyped up
(Eazy) Come on, come on, come on
(Eazy) I wanna see those hands up in the air
(Eazy) Come on, say it, say it, say it
(Eazy) Who'd y'all come to see?
(Eazy) Here's Eazy

Off? Never, I'm just too clever
So, in fact, that no one could sever
A blow from a maniac, and yo, I make it clear
So a register is all I hear
Money overturned, then I jet
To make another hit for you to go and get
Record stores sold out because you love it
Another example of how Eazy does it

(Eazy) Who y'all want?
(We want Eazy) Aw, yeah
(Eazy) All of you (Why not take all of you?)
(We want Eazy) Who y'all come to see?
(Eazy) Yeah
(We want Eazy) Can I get down one time?
(Eazy) Yeah, you know what time it is
(We want Eazy) Let me take off my locs so I can see what I'm sayin'
(Eazy) Hahaha
(We want Eazy) Tell me who y'all came to see
(Eazy) Yeah
(We want Eazy) Yeah, yeah