Tom Hardy: It's a beautiful church. They did mass right
John Ortiz: Why don't you take communion?
Tom Hardy: Excuse me?
John Ortiz: I've seen you at mass for years. You haven't taken communion once
Tom Hardy: Yeah well, that's my business
John Ortiz: You think so, huh?
Tom Hardy: Yeah I think so
Verse 1:
If it's a business, I beg forgiveness for all the sinners
The clock strikes winter as I walk to the windows
At the black-tie affair on some Soprano shit,  somebody hit the guy behind the guy
And I'm out of luck cause I'm involved in it
This was supposed to be a celebration of unity...
Rewrote this speech from a dedication to eulogy
Shouldn't be new to me, custom fits and jewelry
We roll up and exchange like 20 grand up out the duty-free
Not how this used to be, we used to have some nice flows
And trife hoes in tight clothes, but I guess that's how this life goes
Living for our survival as the night glows
Illuminated by the traffic lights and all the light posts
From Breaking Bad, to break-beats, avoiding how today seems
A lot of us want the same thing; To make cream to handle what every day brings
Lead us not unto temptation in this day dream
And keep your promise that you'll wake me
You might also likeHOOK:
In this life we live, we got our pride. We choose sides
For you and I, we do it live, until we die
Living like it was the last time we all dine
Bread is the body of Christ. Pass the wine
Verse 2:
I hold rosaries, look over me, there's no one in sight
Do you sell your soul for gold, or are you rolling with Christ?
It's colder than ice on nights you sleep while holding on mic's
In this life we live, this living's just a roll of the dice
Many crap out and act out their vision through words
And written through verse, but the outcome's just kids in a hearse
Given the first of the year, my resolution's rebirth
If living ain't worse than dying, I've been given a curse
I've risen from dirt in my own grave, enslaved in my ways
I try to take it day by day, but now I'm losing my faith
It's true there's a gate to heaven, but I was 8 minutes late
I was sent to purgatory, now they're saving my place
Saint Peter said for me to stand in line behind Christ
But I descended back to Earth, so I can rhyme for my life
And fight for what's right, while living this, what's one to do?
It lies in the book of Leviticus, 21:22
HOOK:
In this life we live, we got our pride. We choose sides
For you and I, we do it live, until we die
Living like it was the last time we all dine
Bread is the body of Christ. Pass the wine
Verse 3:
It's all about determination and holding your own. I've grown
From a broken home. Alone but I just keep on like a Rolling Stone
When I'm blind I find my sights, in mind I shine my light
My sights set on a goal, holding up in this fight
No holding back on this track. React. We lack the option to lose
What's a muse when I'm through with the Rubik's Cube
Was lost, then found, tossing down the opposition
Got across around my neck, God christened a Christian
Hot days and cold nights despite the fight
We give it up not live it up survive in this life like...
I'm living my life and things have changed
No rings, no chains, not trying to get the keys to the Range
It's simple and plain, I quench my thirst and drink from the rain
I sat on the bench first, then learned to hit the three from long-range
My enemies tempt me, sent me and I'm running on empty
I've been summoned. Now the hunters becomes the hunted
HOOK:
In this life we live, we got our pride. We choose sides
For you and I, we do it live, until we die
Living like it was the last time we all dine
Bread is the body of Christ. Pass the wine
Outro:
John Ortiz: There's bodies getting clipped, or vanishing all over the place man. Come on man. You didn't see anything?
Tom Hardy: Nah...you know that's...that's this neighborhood. But he could turn up...people do, all the time
John Ortiz: That's true...