ILL...EAGLE...
 As long as I'm alive, I'm a live illegal
As long as I'm alive, I'm a live illegal
And once I get on, I'm a put on all my people
-Verse 1-
These bars don't confine me, instead they all define me
Come find me. I got the entire city behind me
I'm like a bull in China, shopping songs to Jimmy Iovine
And he'll be Jimmy Hoffa, if him and Eminem and Doc don't sign me
They'll see the inner-scope in the aftermath of shit I wrote
I'll call it shady business if I get passed on, my shit is dope
Name the hungriest rapper, I'll fuckin slit his throat
I'm an ill eagle, Albanian, I'm a get his goat
This is my season and my skill set will leave you bleeding
This ain't a film set and I take it, you ain't Liam Neeson
This isn't Star Wars, it's Pawn Stars, but Hard Core
And I'm a be the one tossing you out the fuckin store doors...
I'm Albanian baby. Was told I said it often
"Think of your marketing Martin," then I said, "Beg your pardon?"
I'll never stop. Wait til I pop it proper and set it off then
Qifsha nanen, vet jem menemadh and I'm just gettin started
You might also like-Chrous-
 As long as I'm alive, I'm a live illegal
As long as I'm alive, I'm a live illegal
And once I get on, I'm a put on all my people
-Verse 2-
I never burn bridges. I was taught to build bigger fences
Keep a night knit circle of trust, separate from business
And in this day and time, the way I rhyme's so different
Cause my state of mind is greater than the state lines of Michigan
This ain't a diss to those that tried to help me with this shit
This is a diss to those listening if you think it is
And It's not that deep. Subliminal disses? Shiit
Where I'm from, you just kill 'em and leave no witnesses
You could say that my uniqueness is my weakness
It's hard for me to find the words to even pair these beats with
I'd try to find some beats to pair my words with, I'm a wordsmith
But I'm cursed so I just constantly rework it, til it's perfect
Searching for the most perversive verses is just worthless
Cause then I'm doing myself a disservice, I deserve it
Truthfully I wanna rhyme like Curtis Jackson
Drive around in a Ferrari with my girl just laughing
Then we flying out to Bali, I'm with her, relaxing
Or just find out how to rob him for his gold and platinum
I'm just sick of rapping here with all these nerds in the classroom
There's more to life than proving that my dick is the fat one
There's also more to rhyming, than just bitches and handguns
I'm trying to take this whole fucking rap game ransom
So everybody in fucking place put your hands up
And I'm a start listing my demands when the track's done...
-Chrous-
 As long as I'm alive, I'm a live illegal
As long as I'm alive, I'm a live illegal
And once I get on, I'm a put on all my people
-Outro-
 I do this for my culture
 Only describe us as; soldiers, survivors...The Eagle