I was looking for someone to sign me, trying deeply to align speech
Metaphors drawn on my palms, but never mind ink
Without a pen or pad and small enough to have to use
A magnifying glass. I used a scalpel, slicing paragraphs
That's when I had an epiphany - lyrical symphony
And with my own hands, I'd create history, literally
Creating my polyphony of victory, reading the scribes
I'd lie out, but then cried out, look what the fuck you did to me!
I'm all that I have until my time's past...
John Nash at the window, writing lyrics on the glass
I'm thinking about the spirits from the past that arise
Under the guise of a poltergeist then open my eyes
I hope I'm alive. It's MOLA1, I'm going to survive
I hold my heart, chest beating, close to the other side
And as this life draws close to close the human inside
Transforms into my spirit through a beautiful mind

Even if the Earth stops spinning
And it burned in the end
I know I never had to shelf my goals
And living in this world that we're in
And every minute that we're in it
No, I never had to sell my soul...
Cause I am The One
You might also like
I don't rap, I stop time and report my findings
In paragraph form. It's only a coincidence all of it's rhyming
Observe words that preserve worth and file a verse
Miscellaneous first, until I make sense of the Earth
The sentences blur, contort and form shapes. Shifting
But somewhat staying in place...enough for me to trace
Lines that become faces I've met over time
Rewind back until I find meaning behind the design
A beautiful mind, eternally. The sunshine's burning me
Turning me from my learning to yearning for me to murder beats
If this is Hip-Hop, it's in style to jump off without regard
For where I end up, while others get lost
I know exactly where I am subconsciously
Familiar to my surroundings, surrounding me
And found the beat to be the soundtrack to my birth, life and demise
A requiem for a dream I've had, if I surmise

Even if the Earth stops spinning
And it burned in the end
I know I never had to shelf my goals
And living in this world that we're in
And every minute that we're in it
No, I never had to sell my soul...
Cause I am The One

He wondered how it got so deep and had a penchant for showing
Penance by penning sentences about the streets
And he'd go without his sleep...and on keep blazing the pad
While the flames slapped wax on his hands
He's on fire now and keeps his hand locked
Carpal tunnel outweighs his fear a writers block, the clock doesn't stop
Every time a minute passes, he writes fast, as if it was his last
And in this case, the man had met his match
He'd finally gone out of his mind...delved in to a form of
Consciousness through rhyme and he's convinced that he died
But, he's invincible while, he writes his symphony, smiles
And thinks that this could be the time that he makes history now
He smells victory...how it spells trouble in all caps
He loves it when the going gets rough and they fall back
It never seems to be enough it sucks when they're all wack
Mortals just combat and he laughs at what they call rap
Though he's beyond that, the fact that he's on wax
Taking it to a plane where few could go and they crawl back
Is why he's at all actually giving his all
And it's no mystery his pissed off, when Detroit gets pissed on
He's lived on the edge of insanity. In reality
He's not sure what's real or fake, besides friends and family
He's got ties to Cali. He's from Detroit and after he takes over the game
They'll recognize an Albanian. The One

Even if the Earth stops spinning
And it burned in the end
I know I never had to shelf my goals
And living in this world that we're in
And every minute that we're in it
No, I never had to sell my soul...