Yeah (yeah)
This song here is called "Goddamn Vica Versa"
(I'm doin' my best to save my people)
It's like, (The people and I will rely on God)
Picture everything that you thought was good, was really bad
Everything bad, was really good
(What if Heaven was on Earth, nigga?)
The whole world, vica versa
(Good is bad)
Vice versa (Bad is good)
(Hell on Earth nigga)
This shit here, Goddamn, go on
Go on and get you a mother fuckin' fat ass blunt of that 'dro
Smoke that shit
(It's all vica versa)
Look up in the air, nigga
(We rich, nigga!)
(This is what we doin', it's vica versa)
I know all these real niggas gon' feel this shit
Vica Versa, Pastor Troy
(Vica Versa)

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
What if Heaven was Hell and vica versa?
If I told you go to Hell, would you tell I cursed ya?
I reimbursed ya with the truth so you know my fate
And pray I die, I'm that nigga that they love to hate
I wanna make you use your mind, God has sent the sign
And when you listen to these rhymes, nigga, take your time
Again I ask, Heaven was Hell and vica versa
Would you start doing evil in order to nurture the spirit man?
Do you understand that there's a war?
It's ragin' on and the devil got some ammo too
Don't get me wrong, but I put my trust off in the Lord
It's too corrupt, know that God gon' help me blow 'em up
I give a fuck, Heaven was Hell and vica versa, I have no fear
I done witnessed too much Hell right here, lend me your ear
Recall the beer we had to pour
For all our niggas, hit the Devil with the .44
Payback, nigga!
My liquor keep me from tryin' to enter battle alone
And to deal with all this wickedness, I smoke a zone
Know I'm grown, but I'm still a baby
It's vica versa, so I guess I'll beg Satan to save me
God I'm confused, the feuds of all these motherfuckers, makin' me sick
(*Virgin Mary never fucked nobody, but she suck dick*)
With a clique of nasty concubines
It's vica versa, so she'll probably do the whole nine, that nasty ho!
I don't know where I'mma go this Christmas, it's Satan's birth
I'mma try to smoke a pound of weed, and ease the hurt
While Jesus equipped with angels, the Devil's equipped with Glocks
For God so loved the world that he blessed the thug with rocks
Won't stop until they feel me
"Protect me Devil, think the Lord is tryin' to kill me"
It's vice versa
Heaven is below, while this doja keep me high
To see the Lord Almighty nigga, I'm ready to die
My reply for any questions asked, "The Devil made me do it"
Who's the Devil may I ask?, It's so polluted
Uprooted from all this stupid shit
See me cremated, my adaption to the climate
So glad I made it
Elated that they gon' go to Heaven
But do they know Heaven may not be the place to go?
Again I ask, Heaven was Hell and vica versa
The devil's in me and I'll be damned if I'm gon let God hurt ya
Follow me...
You might also like
If this was vica versa, I'd be an angel, cause I'm a devil
A Down South Georgia Rebel, a whole 'nother fuckin' level
Reminiscin' on all the good and the bad that I did
Bustin' caps and splittin' wigs
And servin' nicks and talkin' shit
This is vica versa no fuckin' commercial
Heaven or Hell, where do we go
When we die: eternal fire or the streets of gold?