This is it
Truth's out
I ain't a rapper
Let's expose this snake

I wear Supreme, but I don't skate
Baller, but don't need to flex my i8
Wearing Gucci, but you the real snake
People only like you for your tits, but they're real fake
Forget tits, you need brain implants, 'cause you brainless
Like Kanye versus Taylor, damn, I made that bitch famous!
Without strip FIFA, you'd be strippin' for real
Do anything on your Instagram for more deals
Yeah, you a sellout, call you Neymar
Dom Lever, I just saw him at a gay bar
Tell me, Dom, what have you got?
Shit VW and a snaky slut
I'm nineteen with suicide doors
And I'm spittin' bars, and I'm startin' wars, and you're just poor
Like your name, Dom, you should leave her
Heh, oh wait, I forgot that you need her
Like KSI, you should disappear
Just make you sure you thank me for your whole career
You might also like
She stole one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight
K from my bank account (On God), from my bank account (On God)
From my bank account, from my bank account (Lil' bitch)
From my bank account, from my bank account (Yeah)

JMX just called me up, he like, "I need you, bro" (Okay)
"You need to diss this girl that you don't even know" (Oh yeah, eheh)
"No, she won't give you her number, I swear on my life that she isn't my lover
I just DM'ed her up on Twitter, she said that she only likes guys who're four inches and under?"
Eheh, she's probably richer than me and more famous, but listen, this is an idea
I guess that her whole damn career was created from JMX videos strippin' to FIFA (Oh-ho-ho-ho!)
Oh, that's the saddest shit I ever heard, you really need to cut it, like a editor
Your career is faker than a wrestler, Dom, that's a mistake to try to get with her (Yeah!)
Jessica Rose, look from your head to your toes, you really gettin' exposed to the masses
Your body? I won't have it, like an unloyal football fan, it's plastic (Oh!)
You steal to make all of your paper, fed up with this shit, like Jake Paul is my neighbour
Sure, call me a hater, but stealin' and fakin' is awful behaviour, get off, you're a failure
Quadeca

She stole one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight
K from my bank account (On God), from my bank account (On God)
From my bank account, from my bank account (Lil' bitch)
From my bank account, from my bank account
Hold up... a-and your titties fake! (They fake)
Messing with Joel (Wow), that's a big mistake (God damn)
I don't like you, but I'll eat your ass just like steak
All your fans are little kids that like to masturbate (They do)
Wait, wait, wait, and I need you to elaborate
You only famous 'cause Joel wanted to collaborate (That's true)
Wait... and if you come to the United States
We gon' do a Strip FIFA, but please don't bring no camera, ayy
Saw you on YouTube, you was mad cute, but damn, B
Now you on TV with your big mouth sucking D-D (God damn)
I'm not mad, we all need cash, but please don't catch no STD
'Cause next time I see you, I ain't tryna catch no HIV (Lil' bitch)

Wow
Man, it's four o'clock in the morning, and I ain't even been to sleep yet
Crack of dawn, got me spittin' bars
Let's go

She wanna kick in the whip, on my shit, feelin' lit, but wait (She wanna kick)
I might just ring up my bro, and tell him, "Go get the i8" (Get the i8)
She's gassed 'cause the doors go "Yay", she on her all four's all day
Uh, my money stack up in my bank, got this ho feelin' some types of ways (Lil' bitch)
4:43, I'm a buzzing bee
That's how I be when I step into the scene (It's lit!)
Step in, she suckin' and fuckin', ugly duckling open her bucket for nothin' (Open it)
Why don't you clean up? Get your stack up, get your Mac off, you must have been bluffin'
I'm making a quid, I'm making a quid (Stash)
Now she wanna come chill with the kid, she showin' her tits (Ugh)
On the camera, makin' them click, but we don't forget (Never)
Takin' money for a million hits, a million hits (Takin' it)
Body counts counting a million hits, that's a million dicks
Shit... (Wow) that's a million licks... (Million) on your clit
She stole one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight
K from my bank account (On God), from my bank account (On God)
From my bank account, from my bank account (Lil' bitch)
From my bank account, from my bank account (Hold up)

Hello, Metropolitan Police, what's the reason for your call?