Ithi grootman
Ya, mara ere grootman pele
Gobbla!

Egyptian cotton, I sleep in peace while you speak of me (Soft!)
Disorientated reality has become like dreams
Been contemplatin' to give up rap and become like Keith
That's Keith Bothongo, oh where's my manners, that's Doctor B!
Every time we speak I wonder what he sees in me (Boss!)
They say surround yourself with greats, I do it frequently (Facts!)
If you a boss we split it equally
My baby mama's from Durban but the coat was made in Italy
See we don't celebrate the failures of an enemy
Even my enemy's enemy is not a friend of me (Nah!)
Collaborating for destruction is just not allowed
If you a real one then you would know what I'm talkin' 'bout (Boss!)
I prefer to go to war with my own guns
Don't wanna share all this glory with no one (Uh huh)
Except the people that really love me, that's family
The ones that protect me even when they are mad at me
It's pretty clear that I've done well at this life thing (Facts!)
That's what I think when I pull up at my crib
Take out my phone and scroll through Black Coffee's IG
And I think "Yerr, batho ba phela mo lifeng"
That's what happens when you focus on another man (Facts)
There's always somebody richer, always a smarter cat
Always gonna be somebody out there with a harder flex
But none of them are me, the're never gonna be another Cass (Fact!)
I used to love the game but now I love myself (Boss!)
Filthy rich and you can tell, by how I smell
I be like "Fa! Fa!", Ladies be like "Sabawel"
And then it's "Aah aah" later back at the hotel
I'm fresh as hell (Woo), in my Cazals (Sheesh)
I'm in the Spur lookin' like I never took a L
My white mamis call me "Nyovest"
Don't rush your process
Chasing another man's progress
We living soft
You might also like
Alles oor familie
That's flex, that's flex
All about family
That's flex, that's flex
Alles oor familie
That's flex, that's flex

Yeah, my life is changing, I'm about to be a father (Blessed)
My son is already blessed, he's got a starter (Blessed)
I feel secure, I think I picked the perfect mother (Blessed)
I'm forced to grow and certain things are kinda harder (Like what?)
I think I might let go of the Bentley (Okay!)
'Cause I don't wanna see his little stomach go empty (Nah)
I'd rather keep the crib, that's more important
So him and my baby-mama always got a place to live yeah (Boss)
I used to care about all the opinions
Now all I care about is family reunions (Facts!)
Fuck a Brazilian, my baby mama hair look Indian
She smart plus she worth a couple millions (Woo;)
Shout out to Jabba he prepared me formally (Shout out!)
I know the traps, I get up early for my cheese (R-I-P)
Uncle Cassper grinding heavy for my niece
So fuck a six pack we living in the belly of the beast (Woo)
I feel like, I've seen it done, done it all
It's more memorable when I'm involved
And yeah I started small, but look how I evolved
When twenty-thousand in the stands, it's just something small (Talk your shit)
Still driven, yeah I hardly walk
I need a Pista for the blisters soon, that's that Ferrari talk
You know the saying "More money more problems", that's true
But somehow we stress less and we party more
Put Paul McCartney on, trips to safaris, uh
Sip on Canari and explore the Kalahari
The young boys, they love to make noise like Kawasaki
I know the shit I'm wearin' look plain but it's Versace (It's Versace)
It's Rich Mnisi polos for the evening
Maxhosa masks, you know the combos always sickening
See nna ke ratile sdwadlo since kele piccaninny
And I'ma need to see your glasses up if you feeling me
Alles oor familie (Let's go, celebrate life)
That's flex (Celebrate family), That's flex (That's flex)
All about family (All about family)
That's flex, that's flex (Oh that's flex yeah yeah)
Alles oor familie (Family, family, family)
That's flex (That's flex), That's flex (Oh that's flex yeah yeah)
All about family (Oh)
That's flex, that's flex (That's flex, that's flex yeah yeah, yeah)

Cassper when you flexin' (Oooh)
Familie, all about family (Oooh)
All my family yeah (Oooh)
Brothers and sisters (Oooh, ooh, ooh)
Cousins and aunties (Oooh)
Cassper after flexin'
Anthony flexin'
S.A. flexin'
North Carolina flexin'
It's all about the love (Oooh)
All about the love
Familie, alles oor familie
All about family yeah