Yeah
I think I'm getting used to this (Mxm)
Can't pretend that I'm new to it
Trashing my name is very lucrative
Why are you running to the papers?
There is no need for that kind of speed
Don't act a fool boy, I find it very ludicrous
They making threads about how hard I fell
But I'm still out here worried bout you when I'm wishing you well
You was never really with us from the start I could tell
I witnessed some of my best friends highlight my L's
I've got flaws, I never will pretend that I'm a saint
I realised there's certain things we'll never see the same
We take it til we numb, we ain't tryna feel the pain
I never called you out when you was tryna cheat the game
I stood by you, and now you wanna treat me like a bitch
See I could act like I don't give a fuck because I'm rich
We hide the pain with money living all we used to wish is Bleu Chanel to hide the smell of the asses we used to lick
It gets (Sick)
Why the fuck did you like that post dude?
Now I'm out here stressed cause I don't know how to approach you
Cause you borrowed me some money, helped me out when I was broke, true
Indebted to your help, but I don't know if I'm supposed to
Cause I've helped niggas too
I was hot before they broke through
When niggas was confused, I'm the one they used to go to
When Twitter was a mess, I'm the one you niggas spoke to
Now I don't understand what they sayin', I'm Goku
I chose to, write it out and put it in song
I keep puttin' 'em on, they keep puttin' me off
They keep counting me out, I keep provin' 'em wrong
Niggas wanted to beef, Philippe Filet mignon it's on
I swear you need extra backbones for niggas
I go myself, I never pass on a mission
I gotta spell it out so you cats know the difference
Tryna go from blacklisted to black-owned and listed, yeah
That's the dream, black-owned and listed
We wildin' out cause we never had dough my nigga
Now we growing up building collateral my nigga
A visionary, all of these rap flows are pictures, uh
Tricky times, lost files for the profound, uh
Corona free but I don't even wanna go out
I'd rather stay at home cause the world full of know-hows
Well, a bunch of know-hows that don't really know how
I'm seeking for the best version of myself
And to be honest I don't trust no one else
Cause every time I went against the grain I won
But every time I betted on a friend I lost, uh
Still I stand, I lean on no man
At sixteen I left like Lisa Lopes
Ne ke tlhole ke tshepa majita, nou nex
Dichomi di nnwella dipitsa, oh well!
You might also like
(I thought you loved me!)
Oh well!
(Why would you do this shit to me man?)
Oh well!
(I don't deserve this, I don't deserve this shit, I don't deserve this shit)
Oh well!
(I thought you loved me!)
(Shit!)