Hey, baby
Oh, tell me Craig
Why do you wanna play these games with me?
I thought you always wanted to be with me
Well, at first, girl, I wanted to
But things have changed between me and you
That's why I don't know what I'm gonna do

Lately, you say I've been acting kinda strangely
Like I don't love you no more
You say, "call me" but I just can't explain; it's all so crazy
Between me and you, baby, oh-oh

And even though at first you meant the world to me
(World to me)
The time has come to spread my wings and be set free
(Be set free)
So I can figure out a place where I belong (I belong)
To find my way home now that love has gone
(Girl, now the love has gone)
So baby, say...

Why don't you call me no more?
It was every night you were calling me before
Given half a chance, you'd be knocking at my door
So tell me, what's changed? (Baby, tell me what's changed)
Why don't you give me some time?
Tell me 'cause I can't get you out of my mind
Right up until now we been doing just fine
So tell me, what's changed? (Baby, tell me what's changed)
See Craig David LiveGet tickets as low as $63You might also like
Baby (Baby), since we met, I treat you like a lady
But now I don't know what to do
I think maybe (Maybe)
It's just time my well for you has run empty
What am I gonna do, baby? (Oh-oh)

And even though at first you made me so happy (So happy)
My love for you has changed, so put the blame on me (Blame on me)
Under pressure, it's too hard for me to stay (To stay)
And I feel so guilty when you page me every day
With a...

Why won't you answer my page?
It was you who said things were never gonna change
And it seems like lately you're acting kinda strange
So tell me, what's changed? (Baby, tell me what's changed)
Why can't you even pass by?
Spend some of your time even just to say "hi"
You're not the type of guy who would make a girl cry
So tell me, what's changed? (Baby tell me what's changed)

Girl, I know it seems like I don't care (I don't care)
After all the things we used to share (After all the things we used to share)
Now I know that it feels like I've done you wrong (Done me wrong)
But the pain will heal the sooner that I'm gone (I'm gone, I'm gone)
Still, I hear you sayin'...
Why don't you call me no more? (Oh girl)
It was every night you were calling me before (I guess I shoulda told you)
Given half a chance you'd be knocking at my door (Yeah)
So tell me, what's changed? ('Cause now I don't know what I'm gonna do, girl)
(Baby) Why don't you give me some time (You said give me some time)
Tell me 'cause I can't get you out of my mind (Can't get you off of my mind)
Right up until now we been doing just fine (No)
(Ooh, oh) So tell me, what's changed? (Baby, tell me what's changed)
(Now tell me what's changed, baby)
Why won't you answer my page? (Well, girl, sometimes feelings can change)
It was you who said things were never gonna change (Yeah)
And it seems like lately you're acting kinda strange (Don't you know?)
So tell me, what's changed? (When you said tell me, tell me, what's changed?)
Baby, tell me what's changed
Why can't you even pass by? (Oh girl)
Spend some of your time even just to say "hi" (Don't you know?)
You're not the type of guy who would make a girl cry (Things ain't the same)
So tell me, what's changed? (Baby, tell me what's changed) (No)

Girl, I never meant to make you cry (Yeah)
Girl it's so hard to find the words to say (I wanna know what's changed, babe)
Though I never wanted, girl, to hurt you (Mm, mm)