You know what time it is, nigga
And you know who the fuck this is
Danger, danger
Get on the floor, the nigga right here, sing it

Been so long (Sing it)
He's been on
So please, show me (Get on the floor, the nigga right here)
What it is that you want to see

Go tell the DJ to put my shit on
I'm keeping you niggas and bitches in here jumpin' from the minute I get on
Taking they shirt off, showing they tattoos, screaming and hollering and all
Got the gift to come up with it, put it together, deliver, make 'em feel it, bitch, I been on
Sharp like you pulled me out the pencil sharpener
Bad like that student in the principal office
Put rappers in coffins, they dive like dolphins
I'm the damnedest, the lyrical marvel you don't come across often, so
Watch yourself
Or fuck around and get beside yourself, I know
Go 'head though, bounce them titties
Shake that ass, drop that pussy, but stay in line, ho
Fuck a can't, 'cause you can-can
Cocked up, head down, pussy popping doin' a handstand
Leave that pussy smoking (Ooh)
If you wanna do somethin', then bend over and bust that pussy open (Damn, ooh)
You might also like
Been so long (Get up)
He's been on (Come on, woo)
So please, show me (Get on the floor, the nigga right here)
What it is that you want to see (Sing it)
Been so long (Sing it)
He's been on (Sing it)
So please, show me (Look)
What it is that you want to see

My fucking concert line around the corner
Parking cars, niggas fitted, bitches, nothin' on 'em
You looking good, mama, why, psh what's up, homie?
Sirens, limousines and the club owner, ya bitch, you
If you late, ain't no getting in this bitch 'cause it's filling up
Inside packed from the floor to the ceiling up
The building ain't big enough
I'm backstage bouncing, adrenaline building up
The pussy cutter, did I stutter?
The heart flutter, make your woman drawers melt like butter
Go down like Nelly, I'm hype like Belly
The rhyme seller, kick ass like Jim Kelly
Stand up, wild out, boot up and frown
Tell a nigga if he wanna try it then, bitch, come on down
No sweat, no blood, no tears
And if I tell you it's the shit, then bitch, that's what it is
Been so long (Sing)
He's been on (Say what?)
So please, show me (Get on the floor, the nigga right here)
What it is that you want to see (Sing it)
Been so long (Sing it)
He's been on (Say what?)
So please, show me (Get on the floor, what? The nigga right here)
What it is that you want to see (What?)

Danger (Talking 'bout)
Danger (Motherfucker, look)
Get on the floor
The nigga right here, fuck it
Danger (Motherfucker), watch your back
Danger (Look, look), nigga, what? (Look, look)
Get on the floor (What?)
The nigga right here, get 'em up (What?), danger

Been so long (What? What? What? Sing it, danger)
He's been on (What? What? What? What? What?)
So please, show me (Get on the floor)
What it is that you want to see (The nigga right here, sing it)
Been so long (Danger)
He's been on
So please, show me (Get on the floor, the nigga right here)
What it is that you want to see (Sing it)
Danger
Danger
Get on the floor
The nigga right here, sing it
Danger
Danger
Get on the floor
The nigga right here, huh