Would you face Jesus Christ as Judge or would you face Him as your Saviour?
There are many who don't quite know for sure what that verdict would be, if ever...
So let's imagine for a moment you're standing dead center...
In the Courtroom of Forever...
Sitting before you is a structure massive and intense
It's here where your fate will be determined before this Judge's bench...
Then a voice booms:
"This Court's now in session."
And your adrenaline starts to rush
Peering down with eyes that see through your soul..
Is God the Father, your Judge
Then off to your left across the room...
Is the virtual sillouette of sin
Stepping out of the shadows of condemnation, your worst nightmare walks in
On his face is the smirk of evil incarnate, his mind fixed on your destruction in Hell
You've just been introduced to you prosecuting attorney, none other than Satan himself
The Bible says he's the accuser of the brethren, so guess what he's gonna do
He's gonna accuse you of your sins and he knows them all...Both the old ones and the new
He's prepared his case for years, now the golden moment is his
So in arrogance he presents his case to the Judge and it comes out sounding something like this...
"God, you see this worthless piece of trash over here!
This one is a sinner to the core! This one's commited adultery
Cursed his neighbors, stolen money, been into drugs, alchohol
And even more! This hopeless wretch has even slandered friends!
And by the guilty face, this courtroom can tell that through immoral
Incertainty beyond any reasonable doubt, this one deserves eternal
Judgement in Hell!"
You might also likeThe words of accusation still echo, your every sin thrown up in your face...
Then God opens the book where every deed is recorded and reviews your record of disgrace
God says "The book says you did this, this, and this and everything
You were accused of today. Now before I sentence you to Hell forever, are there any last words you have to say?"
...Now if it's true you were standing there;
In the Courtroom of Eternity
With God to your front, and Satan-the prosecuter-to your left
There's one remaining eternal truth - one that's crucial to remember...
One you should never, ever, ever forget...
Then, on the other side of the Courtroom...
(doom music)
I said, on the other side of the Courtroom...
(doom music)
You ain't hearing me tonight;
I said, ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE COURTROOM!
(doom music)
...Is the one and only Son of God, revealed in time and space
And he's your defense attorney who has never lost a case!
It's not Buddha, Muhammad or Krishna or any others who succumb to death!
Ladies and gentlemen, on the other side of The Courtroom, is Jesus Christ of Nazereth!
Then Jesus jumps up, says:
"Now what a minute God! I got something to say! May I remind you
That on a cross 2000 years ago, I washed his sins away! I was
Crucified, I died, they put me in a tomb, but long about the midnight
Hour, the power of God hit me and I walked out of that grave, alive
And well with ressurection power!"
Then the devil says:
"It's in the book! It's written in the book! Check the book!"
God said:
"Okay."
Then He takes the book out, lays it open and says:
"Now we'll see what this book has to say."
He turns to the first page...
The second page...
The third...
By the fourth, the devil seemed shook...
God closes it, says:
"The blood of Jesus must of worked...Because there's absolutely
Nothing in this book."
The devil says:
"Now what a minute, check that book again! All his sins are written
Down, they're all right there!
God says:
"Devil, maybe you're mistaken all together. Maybe it's this other book
Down here..."
Devil cries:
"NO!! Not that book! Not that one!"
God said:
"Devil, why you so uptight?"
God sets the book down...
The dust flies...
And on the cover it says: The Lamb's Book of Life!
(singing)
Is your name in that book?
Is your name in that book?
Is your name in that book for sure?
If you've been forgiven...
And your name is written...
Then lift your hands-praise the Lord
Yes, my name's in that book...
My name is in that book...
My name is in that book tonight...
I've been forgiven...
And I know my name is written...
In the Lamb's Book of Life...
(three blows of the mallet)
This court is ajourned...