Where silence ruled the outer space
Ominously, towering it stood
The symbol of a spirit war
Between the one name Lucifer
And the Morning Star, The ultimate of good
Enveloped by a trillion planets
Clean as lightning and hard as granite
A cosmic coliseum would host the end
Of the war between the lord of sin and death
And the Omnipotent Creator of man's first breath
Who will decide who forever will be the Champion
The audience for the 'Fight of the Ages' was assembled and in place
The angels came in splendor from a star
The saints that had gone before were there: Jeremiah, Enoch, Job
They were singing the "Song of Zion" on David's harp
The demons arrived, offensive and vile, cursing and blaspheming God
Followed by their 'trophies' dead and gone
Hitler, Napoleon, Pharaoh, Capone
Tormented and vexed and grieved
Waiting for their judgment From the Throne
Then a chill swept through the mammoth crowd and the demons squealed with glee
As a sordid, vulgar, repulsive essence was felt
Arrogantly prancing, hands held high, draped in a sparkling shroud
Trolled by demons, Satan ascended from Hell
You might also likeThen Satan cringed, the sinners groaned!
The demons reeled in pain as a swell of power like silent thunder rolled
With a surge of light beyond intense, illuminating the universe
In resplendent glory appeared the Son of God
Then a Persona, yes, Extraordinaire appeared in center ring
God the Father will oversee the duel
Opening the Book of Life, each grandstand hushed in awe as
Majestically He said
"Now here's the rules. He'll be wounded for their transgressions
Bruised for iniquities"
When He said, "By His stripes they're healed," the devil shook!
He screamed, "Sickness is my specialty. I hate that healing junk!"
God said, "You shut your face, I wrote the book!"
Then the Father looked at His only Son and said
"You know the rules
Your blood will cleanse their sins and calm their fears."
Then He pointed His finger at Satan and said
"And I know you know the rules
You've been twisting them to deceive My people for years."
Satan screamed, "I'll kill you Christ! You'll never win this fight!"
The demons wheezed, "That's right, there ain't no way."
Satan jeered, "You're dead meat, Jesus, I'm gonna bust you UP tonight!"
Jesus said, "Go ahead, make my day!"
The bell rang, the crowd cheered, the fight was on
And the devil leaped in fury
With all his evil tricks he came undone
He threw his jabs of hate and lust
A stab of pride and envy but the hand that knew no sin blocked every one
Forty days and nights they fought, and Satan couldn't touch Him
Now the final blow saved for the final round
Prophetically Christ's hands came down
And Satan struck in vengeance!
The blow of death felled Jesus to the ground
The devils roared in victory!
The saints shocked and perplexed as wounds appeared upon His hands and feet
Then Satan kicked Him in His side, and blood and water flowed
And they waited for the 10 count of defeat
God the Father turned His head
His tears announcing Christ was dead!
The 10 count would proclaim the battle's end
Then Satan trembled through his sweat in unexpected horror, yet...
As God started to count by saying
"...10..."
"Hey wait a minute, God..." "...9..." "Stop! You're counting wrong..."
"...8..."
His eyes are moving...
"...7..."
His fingers are twitching...
"...6..."
"Where's all this Light coming from?"
"...5..."
"He's alive!"
"...4..."
"Oh - nooooo!"
"...3..."
"And yet,"
"...2..."
"Oh...Yessssss!
"...1..."
He has won!
He has won!
He's alive forevermore!
He is risen, He is Lord
He has won!
He has won!
He's alive forevermore
He is risen!
He is Lord!
Proclaim the news in every tongue
Through endless ages and beyond
Let it be voiced from mountains loud and strong
Captivity has been set free, salvation bought for you and me
'Cause Satan is defeated