I - I'm saving all the love
I'm saving all my love for you (to you, I...)
I'm saving all the love (whoo, oh)
I'm saving all my love for you

Ridin' round town in your black Impala
With my baby, yeah, that's my partner
Look the other way when they tryna holler
So unbothered, we're so unbothered
See I got niggas slidin' in my DMs
Stevie Wonderin' if I'ma ever see 'em
But I don't pay that shit no mind
No, I don't give that shit no time, no time
I just curve 'em from the a.m. to the p.m
Oh, baby, you're the reason
That none of these niggas can touch me
Ain't none of these niggas get lucky
No, no, no, no, no...

Only you, yeah, it's only you that get my attention
Only you, swear it's only you, ain't no competition, no
'Cause baby, you give me everything that I've been missin'
That's why I'm saving all my love for you
You might also like
(I'm saving all my love...)
Yeah yeah, saving all my love
Saving all my love for you
(I'm saving all my love...)
Saving, saving all my love, I'm saving all my love for you
It ain't with nobody else, you got it all to yourself
Just keep doin' what you do, baby
And I'ma keep saving all my love for you
Ooh
Saving all my love for you, saving all my love for you
(I - I'm saving all the love
I'm saving all my love for you)
Yeah

Yeah, if I had a hundred, I would break you off a fifty
Yeah, I know you'd do the same, I know you'd split it with me
Yeah, on ya team, Michael Jordan, Scottie Pippin
Long as we got each other, I ain't trippin'
You the one, you the realest, you the realest
I, I...

Only you, yeah, it's only you (only you) that get my attention
Only you, swear it's only you, ain't no competition, no
'Cause baby, you give me everything that I've been missin' (Oh)
That's why I'm saving all my love for you
(I'm saving all my love...)
Saving, saving
Saving all my love
Saving all my love for you
I been saving (saving it for you)..
(I'm saving all my love)
Saving all my love, saving all my love for you
You got it all to yourself
Just keep doin' what you do, baby
And I'ma keep saving all my love (all my) for you, oh (oh yeah)
Saving all my love (my love) for you, saving all my love for you
All... (You) my.... (You) love... (You) for you
(You) All... (You) of my love...
Saving all my love...
You got it all to yourself
Just keep doin' what you do baby, yeah yeah
You got it all to yourself
Just keep doin' what you do baby, doin' what you do baby, yeah
You got it all to yourself
Just keep doin' what you do baby, doin' what you do baby, yeah yeah
You got it all to yourself
Just keep doin' what you do, baby, doin' what you do, baby, hey
Oh, what you do to me, baby
Oh, what you do to me, baby
I- I'm saving all the love
I'm saving all my love for you (for you, I...)
I- I'm saving all the love