She wants to take you for a ride, the stella has hair of gold
The lights are on upstairs, but is anybody home?
She's not lookin' for a man, the girly wants to be alone
She's the queen of glamorous, everything is right
All the fellas have a fit, anytime she walks by
This woman would be dangerous, if she had a mind
When Blondie tells you what you want to hear, don't waste your time

And her name is Blondie, sexy socialite
Dumb blonde
Diggin' out on the town any given night
And her name is Blondie, the queen of glamorous
And the game is money, the girl is dangerous
Blondie was a victim to everything she liked
She likes money, fine clothes and fancy cars, but her name she could not write
Blondie is a certain type, she's not yellow, black or white
But you can find her out diggin' in the finer spots on any given night
Her fatal beauty's blinding and her intentions not kind
She tried to take a part of me, but I caught on in time
She lives a life of make believe, takes what she wants and leaves
Blondes, they do have more fun, but how dumb is she?
You might also like
Blondie, my glamorous superstar. You took it much too far
And now you look like "What happened?"
Blondie, a dangerous socialite. She hangs out every night
And the neighborhood game is to dog you blind
Yeah! - Blondie!
Blondie is a dumb blonde
Hey Blondie, ooh ooh
Oh ooh ooh ooh, oh ooh ooh - Yeah!
Oh ooh ooh ooh, oh ooh ooh - Everything is right
Oh ooh ooh ooh, oh ooh ooh - She's the queen of glamorous
Oh ooh ooh ooh, oh ooh ooh - Whoo!
She's the queen of glamorous, everything is right
All the fellas have a fit, anytime she walks by
This woman would be dangerous, if she had a mind
When Blondie tells you what you want to hear, if you're smart, you won't waste your time

All the sexy socialites... sing! Yeah!
Fellas! - The girl is dangerous! - Yes
Fellas! - The girl is dangerous! - That's right
Is it true that blondes have more fun? Oh Lawd. - The girl is dangerous!
I think I need some horns. That's right. - The girl is dangerous!
Come on Blondie
.... Wait a minute, where are we going Morris? I don't understood
Some things just ain't meant to be understood
.... Like what?
I'm one of the eight wonders of the world
.... I thought there were only 7
Ain't nobody bad, but me
.... Ouh
Blondie?
.... That's not my name
That's right. You ain't got to go home, but you got to get the hell outta here
.... Wait, wait a minute
Uh, but you got to go
.... Nooo
Uh, but you got to go
.... Oooooh?
You got to go
.... Nooo!
I said, you got to go
.... But can't we talk?
The girl is dangerous! - Ooh ooh, ooh ooh
Playin' rock 'n' roll!