Your life is fun and games, but all you do is complain
About the way you live. You like to take, what do you give?
If you don't work, how will you earn?
Don't like to go to school? You'll never learn
One thing I know for sure is, baby...
(chorus)
It's your world you're livin' in. And what you choose to make it, is what it is
It's your world you're livin' in. If you don't make it better, nobody else will
Tell me, what's on your mind? We pay the price, who does the crime?
Growing epidemics, kids born chemically dependent
Through a lack of education, we have lost a generation
Living a soap opera, as the world turns
Feel the crack on your back. Just think, don't be a fool or you'll get burned
The skillet, the fire. Which one is worse?
(repeat chorus)
Your world - Your world, hihi, yeah hihi. Oh, baby it's...
Your world - Oh yeah. If you don't make it better, nobody's gonna make it better
You might also likeWhen leadership is lacking
Guess who's to blame - You
If you don't vote
Opportunity is elusive
On trial is destiny
Only you can change it
The verdict is still out
Your world - It's your world, it's your world, oh oh yeah
Your world - It's your world. If you wanna make it better, baby you can make it better
Your world - Yeah, uh
Look out, horns. Wait a minute
Who's world is it?
You're shapin' the world that you're livin' in
You like to take. What do you give? Who pays the price in the end?
Your life's fun and games, but you still complain
About the way you live your life, Who's to blame for your demise?
It's your world. It's your world
Whatcha gonna do with it?
Gonna make it better?
Monte
Your world - Mmm hm
Monte Moir - Everybody in the house, sing...
Your world - Yes. Band
Jerome?
.... M.D.?
Who's world?
.... It's your world Morris
Man, you kinda co-stagnant
.... Man, ain't nobody bad like you?
Sugar, superbad
.... Well, let's teach'em who's world it is
Wait a minute, y'all sing it
Your world, oh ooh - Yes
It's your world, oh oh ooh - It's your world, it's your world
Oh oh ooh - Yeah
It's your world - Aye
Oh oh ooh - Everybody
Your world, oh ooh
It's your world, oh oh ooh - Sing it...
Your world, oh ooh - Baby
It's your world - Baby