Did he come to save, did he come at all?
And if I dried his feet with my dirty hair
Would he make me clean again?
They say they don't know when, but a day is gonna come
When there won't be a moon and there won't be a sun
It will just go black, it will just go back
To the way it was before
I knew a lovely girl with such pretty pride
And every man wanted her, yeah and so did I
Yeah, and so did I, but she up and died
In a fit of vanity
Now men with purple hearts carry silver guns
And they'll kill a man for what his father's done
But what my father did, you know it don't mean shit
I'm not him
But it's hard to ignore all the news reports
They say we must defend ourselves, fight on foreign soil
Against the infidels, with the oil wells
God saves gas prices
And you think I need some discipline, well, I had my share
Now, I've been sent to my room, I've been sat in a chair
And I held my tongue, I didn't plug my ears
No, I got a good talking to
You might also likeNow I don't know why, but I still try to smile
When they talk at me like I'm just a child
Well, I'm not a child, no, I am
Much younger than that
But now I've read some books and I've grown quite brave
If I could just speak up, I think I would say
That there is no truth, there is only you
And what you make the truth
So I'll just sing my songs and I'll pass a hat
And then I'll leave your town and I'll never look back
No, I don't look back because the road is clear
And laid out ahead of me
Now I'll get home, I'll meet my friends at our favorite bar
We'll get some lighter heads for our heavy hearts
And we'll share a drink, yeah we'll share our fears
And they'll know how I love them
They will know how I love
They will know how I love them
I'm nothing without their love
Now I don't know when, but a day is gonna come
When there won't be a moon and there won't be a sun
It will all go black, it will all go back
To the way it's supposed to be
Is it true what they say about the Son of God?
Did he die for us? Did he die at all?
And if I sold my soul for a bag of gold to you
Which one of us would be the foolish one?
Which one of us would be the fool?
Which one of us would be the foolish one?
Which one of us would be the fool?
Could you please start explaining?
You know, I need some understanding
Could you please start explaining?
You know, I need some understanding
Could you please start explaining?
You know, I need some understanding
Could you go and start explaining?