Wassup boo? How you doin'?
How I'm doin'? You know how I'm doin'
I'm doin' fucked up up in here
Ready to get up outta this muh'fucka
Nigga, you ain't gotta say it with no attitude
I'm just sayin', man, it's bad up in here
How you doin'? What's poppin' out there?
I'm alright, everything alright, I guess
You handlin' shit like you supposed to be handlin' it?
Now you know...
Better not be no niggas around my house
Nigga, you got me all fucked up
How you gon' say some shit like that?
I'm just sayin', man, shit.  Just keepin' it real...

Been in here about a year
Never thought the game would take me under
About to get my first tear,  ooh yeah
While I'm sittin' in my cell I wonder
What are you doing outside?
Are you giving all my ass up?
You're a dime, so niggas won't pass up
Wait a minute nigga, better back up
I told you a long time ago
I'd always have your back
And you see I'm still coming off with half of them checks
So why you trippin?
Ain't got to worry 'bout nobody gettin' up in your stuff
Soon as the jury said guilty I closed it up
Brought you a new Bible with a blunt in it already rolled up
Between Numbers and Deuteronomy is where you'll fine me
Don't mind me, I'm feenin' baby
I want some ass real bad
Locked up wit' all of these hard legs, scrappin' daily
I miss my baby, I'm going crazy
I gotta get out of this place, can't you help me?
You might also like
How can you love me?
Somebody gotta do it
It's gotta be hard
Ain't really nothing to it
But you make me happy
You know you really shouldn't have no doubt
Can't wait 'til you get out
When I get out
I already told you
I guess I didn't believe it
Spend all your time
Fucked up and getting weeded
But you make me happy
So I'm sittin' here countin' the days down
I can't wait 'til I get out, when you get out

Things can get back to the way they used to be
You and me in a chromed out E, bumpin' Bone Thugs
I got the pedal to the floor and we dippin'
Kinda high and trippin'
And I really wanna hit it, your shit is finger lickin'
Wait a minute, I really miss you
So don't get me started
'Cause we'll end up bumpin' and grindin' right through these bars yeah
Got a little something to help you make it
Just picture me naked
Can't feel your body and I hate it
Going crazy
Gotta get my mind off this
'Bout to go to the mall, buy an outfit
Don't spend up all my loot 'cause I'm gon' be pissed and that's no bullshit
Now who in the hell do you think that you're talking to?
I'm the only woman in the world who will put up with you
Got 72 more days in here, it seems like 20 years
Can't smoke, can't drink no beer, can't get no ass in here
So when I finally come home, it's gon' be on
'Cause I'll be lickin' and kissing and sticking you, baby all week long
(I need you baby all week long)