I can't believe that when I breathe
There's something good inside of me, just one good thing inside
So close to me, that memory
Of that one good thing inside of me, just one good thing inside of me, yeah

If I ran out the backdoor, nobody would stop me, but where would I go?
'Cause I ain't ever had a real home, so what do I know?
So I could keep running, hide until they find me, but what would that do?
If they could only know what I knew, what would it prove?
I should've seen the writing on the wall, instead I'm left to fall
'Cause the longer I'm away, the more we stay the same
Looking back, would've thought I knew it all
Instead I'm left to fall, did I throw it all away?

I can't believe that when I breathe
There's something good inside of me, just one good thing inside
So close to me, that memory
Of that one good thing inside of me, just one good thing inside of me, yeah

Don't you know, little boy, they'll lay you to waste, man?
Little do they know every song has a lifespan
Never taken one, but I'm taking my last chance
To hold all we know and let go with both hands
So don't you know the clouds are made from concrete?
Right through the stone, can you hear my heartbeat?
Beats through my bones like the memory left me
Not for a second or a minute when I dream
I wanna go home like the home that I keep
You can dig six or sixty-six feet
We could live forever, still your misery missed me
Hold this song together with a bottle of whiskey
Look into the mirror at the lines that time drew
See them painted white and the eyes that shine through
My heart beats heavy in an open chest
And I wanna say goodbye, but there's nobody left
See Hollywood Undead LiveGet tickets as low as $63You might also like
I can't believe that when I breathe
There's something good inside of me, just one good thing inside
So close to me, that memory
Of that one good thing inside of me, just one good thing inside of me, yeah

I broke it all, and I put it to the test
Put your hand on mine, and feel this emptiness
There's no beat in my chest 'cause there's nothing left
No, it ain't goodbye, it's a last caress
What's another dream? You can hardly sleep
Can you believe bad things only happen to me?
God knows one day you will finally see
That scars will heal but were meant to bleed
Do you realize I would lie for you?
Please, have my last breath, I would die for you
I know I'm no good, but my heart beats true
You know I'm gonna fight, though I might be scared to lose
You took me in, and I fucked it up again
An empty promise? No, I won't pretend
'Cause in the end we need someone to solve 'em
Nobody can fix me if I'm part of the problem

I can't believe that when I breathe
There's something good inside of me, just one good thing inside
So close to me, that memory