Maitre d': Can I help you?
Basquiat: You wanna buy some ignorant art? Ten bucks a piece
Bruno Bischofberger: No. I think it's ok
Maitre d': Of course, Mr. Bischofberger
Andy Warhol: Gee, ignorant art?
Basquiat: Yeah. You know, like, stupid, ridiculous, crummy art
Andy Warhol: Oh, that sounds good
Basquiat: Ten bucks
Andy Warhol: Gee, you didn't work very much on these

All I hear is bitches ain't shit
All men are liars
You can only trust yourself
And oh, that weed is fire
It can't last forever, true love died in '96
There is nothing left now
Replace hearts with business
Damn, well
Without meanin' to seems, I think I met someone
But he ain't really my type shit, he only 21
His fingers do the talking
Where he's from, will be his coffin
Every time his homeboy drive me 'round think I might die on Slauson, but
I still wanna keep him
Cook him breakfast in the mornings
We haven't even kissed yet, but that just make me want him more
Plus he love his mama, yep
He a family man
And even though the ratchets love him, I still think he a gentleman
Oh, oh, oh, life's a trip, and baby you the plane
I'm just tryna get a seat next to you to stay
Put his fear in his nose
Why he do that? I don't know
I lost a couple friends to that, so I hope he is in control
Every time he swear he gonna stop, but I know that he won't
Wish I could be the only angel he need to be strong
This could be dangerous, man, I got a lot at stake
I ain't even graduate, so I don't have room for mistakes
No, oh, oh, oh, life's a trip, and baby you the plane
I'm just tryna get a seat next to you to stay
Yes, I am, yes, I would
When? For good? For you? Forever!
All my friends think that I'm crazy, they tell me I could do better
Fuck all that, boo
It's you that I'm trying to get to heaven with
They say you're a hindrance, but I think that you give me wings
You might also like
They say he's no item, please don't like him
He don't wife 'em, he one nights 'em
But I don't give a fuck if my friends don't like him
I don't give a f- if my f-
They say he's no item, please don't like him
He don't wife 'em, he one nights 'em
But I don't give a fuck if my friends don't like him
I don't give a fuck if my friends don't like him

Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah
Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah
Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah (Oh, oh-oh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh, oh, oh)
Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah (Oh, oh-oh, oh-oh-oh)