Well, there used to be this ol' guy named Woody, and Woody was an Indian
Came from a town in Oklahoma called... Bowlegs. (Yeah, buddy.)
And he used to have this saying, he used to say when things got real lousy
I mean real lousy
All you had to do was just put out the fire, call in the dogs, an' head it on
Back to Bowlegs
And that's what this tune's about. Heading on back
---
Sometimes things don't work out, but that's how life is, son;
All them little miseries can keep you on the run
One mornin' you may wake up with your face down in the eggs
So just put out the fire, call in the dogs, an' head it on back to Bowlegs
Y'all just put out the fire, call in the dogs, an' head it on back to Bowlegs
Well, lots o' people in this world are tryin' to make a buck
Some folks ride in a limousine while others drive them big ol' Peterbilt trucks
Just remember that ol' saying 'bout the round holes and square pegs
An' just put out the fire, call in the dogs, an' head it on back to Bowlegs
Well, just put out the fire, call in the dogs, an' head it on back to Bowlegs
There's no use tryin' to be what you're not
You run on a treadmill and you'll get tired a lot. (Rhythmic breathing)
So why not take some advice from me?; (Ooh)
Even though I ain't no McCartney
See Nitty Gritty Dirt Band LiveGet tickets as low as $49You might also likeWell, the moral of this story escapes me at this time
I've been too busy sitting here, just tryin' to make it rhyme
I'm a crazy drunken fool, and when I finish off this keg
I'm gonna piss on the fire, call in the dogs, an' head it on back to Bowlegs
Piss on the fire, call in the dogs, an' head it on back to Bowlegs
I'll just piss on the fire, call in the dogs, an' head it on back to Bowlegs
---
(Epilogue)
Well, right now, we're gonna do a little headin' on back ourselves
Head on down to Bowlegs, water hole; take advantage of that at Happy Hour
Yeah, well, we're gonna go to the Jerome's, go to the Jerome's, man
All right
They got a beer down there with my name on it
They got a beer called Jeff?
(Laughing)
I'd like a beer
You'd like a beer?
Yeah, let's-let's go get one
I-I could- I'm awful dry. (Opens beer can)
All right. Yeah
Where is my... (fades to unintelligible)
(Laughing)