Try to turn it off
But it's hard to see
Through this emptiness
Slowly breakin' me
Maybe hurt me just a little less
Then I can start to breathe
But, still, your heart is out of reach

What were we thinkin'?
And what will we do now? (Do now?)
Hey, right now, right now
Right now, oh

The sun hasn't shined today at all
A funny thing you haven't called
Tell me why, or should I be askin'?
How should I respond to it all?
Times were good
I wish you were around more, I can feel you at my door
But it's not you, it's someone else
What can I do? Ooh, what did we do?

What were we thinkin', babe? (What were we thinkin'?)
What will we do now? (Do now?)
Oh, right now, right now
Right now
See Joss Stone LiveGet tickets as low as $60You might also like
Tell me you made up your mind (I'm not gonna cry)
It wouldn't be the first time
See, I deserved it, it's my own heart that hurts me
I'ma brand myself the fool 'cause I fell in love with you

What were we thinkin'? (What were we thinkin'?)
Ooh, and what will we do now? (Do now?)
Ooh, right now, right now
Right now, ooh

Try to turn it off (Turn it off)
But it's hard to see (Hard to see)
Through this emptiness (Emptiness)
Slowly breakin' me (Breaking me)
Maybe hurt me just a little less (Little less)
Then I can start to breathe (Breathe)
But, still, your heart is out of reach

(What were we thinkin'?)
Oh, what can we do now? (Do now?)
Oh, right now
Right now, oh
I try to turn it off (See, I try)
But it's hard to see (Hard to see)
Through this emptiness (Oh, oh, through)
Slowly breakin' me (Breaking me)
Maybe hurt me just a little less (Just a little less)
Then I can start to breathe (Breathe)
But, still, your heart is out of reach, oh, oh
I should've known (I should've known)
Was right in front of me (Right in front of me, baby)
Screaming, "Girl, just walk away" (Just walk away, just walk away)
See, it can't ever be (Never be)
We carried on makin' our mistakes (Our mistakes)
Thinkin' love was free (I was thinkin' love was free)
Now you've taken part of me (Said I was thinkin' love was free)

What were we thinkin'? (Now you've taken part of me)
Oh, and what will we do now? (Do now?)
Please (Right now)