What makes this day so special?
I knew this boy
Whose mama brought him up as best she could
It wasn't the lack of love that brought this boy down (Amen)
It was the scourge of drugs and gangs (That's right)
And what makes this day so special is we have now declared war upon this plague
We've been bullied too long by these sawed-off gangsters
These gangbangers as they call themselves
And now it is time for decent folk, for the people of God to start bangin' back (Amen)
Are we afraid of these hoodlums? (No)
I said are we afraid of these cowards? (No)
*gun shots*

Ugh, violence, violence, violence
Now silence the violence
He is here, thug nigga of the year
Finna put it in your ear
Loud and clear, hear?
Clear

When I got to the spot it wasn't even crowded
Made a few phone calls, now we all 'bout it 'bout it
Wit' it wit' it, hella fitted, punk rock, better quit it
Got one pill left and she askin' me split it
I ain't with it. Where I'm goin'? Bitch, why?
Have you ever had XO in your eye?
Bitch, why? Die, choke on sulfa
My niggas in the back tryna smoke on sulfa
Fa sho' gon' stuff a dub in the 'wood
Now it's me, M.D., PSD, and Shug
I'm feelin' good, ugh, got a ho on jock
I think she on puss' too, maybe not
Baby cot, nineteen, with her own spot
A day wit' Dre, I'll have her on robot
It don't stop, I'm a mack and I'm proud
I go wild, get hyphy, get loud
You might also like
Backwoods, Phillies, vegas and swishers
Plus a pint of heem, I'm goin' bad on your sister
Suck dick, lick balls, never fuck with big draws
Keep my bread in my paws, all my hoes on call
Cutthroatish, sport Enyce and mo' ish
All purp for my focus
Bad Business be the coldest
Entertainin' off a thizz, runnin' trains wit my niggs
Like Rydah from the Figs and my cuddie J. Diggs
Split wigs when the lips bump, burn when the tips dump
Leave 'em with they lips slumped, caught up in some bitch pumps
Niggas be hoes too, please let me scold you
Be careful when they roll through and half of 'em total
We mob
Conversate a bitch and make her bob
Accept bread off top, touch the man and re-cop, it don't stop
Me and my Thizz niggas, we rowdy
Bad Business is 'bout it

It was me, J.D. and Black Jesus
Goin' to the store to bring back a juice
So we can get to pillin' and feelin' it, man
Giggin' hella hard and start killin' it, man
We ill in a van, Chevy, 20
Fat Backwood, never skinny
Icon Nikes on my feet
And I come hyphy on my beats
She wear cleats 'cause she's in the game
An all-star legend in the Jaw of Fame
If it's all the same I think I'll pass
She got lotsa ass but, no cash
And I need cash like a car needs gas
If you don't got it, get far, quick fast
I'm a star with class, big famous