And I can hear 'em talking in the hallways
I'm always late for lunch learning dirty little leasons from you
Now my name is on the lips of every cheerleader in my school
Now I'm a legend in the locker room . .  . Legendary Baby

I was just a snotty nose degenerate with fake pass perfection
Dodging teachers out to give my late ass detention
Hardly a heart throb but I made do
Using them same circle yes or no notes I used in grade school
Folded love letters with the tab that read pull here
Writing back and forth in notebooks for a full year
I use to day dream about Miss Maglassin
A type of fantasy you kind of feel guilty for having but who hasn't
The only difference besides the age is that I acted on it
And who wouldn't
A school boys crush a mature womans lust
And they hit it off so well
And I could tell the day she asked me to stay after class that it was all bad
But I just bit my lip and acted all mad
The bell rang
Class dismissed the door shut and her skirt went up
That's a rap

And I can hear 'em talking in the hallways
I'm always late for lunch learning dirty little leasons from you
Now my name is on the lips of every cheerleader in my school
Now I'm a legend in the locker room . .  . Legendary Baby
You might also like
We gave a brand new meaning to after school special
The second that are lips touched
She kissed my ribs and counted each one out loud
I tried my hardest not to giggle but I couldn't cause it tickled so much
She pulled my pants to half mast
I said "Hurry Miss M you're gonna make me late for math class"
The way she praised my balls was vicious
That's what I like to call sack religious
1 time became 20 times
Before we knew it we stopped caring about where we were doing it
From the classroom to the bathroom
And when all the students were gone we'd even do it in the staff room
From Fs to As in less then 3 days
Now the under achiever's the one with the best grades
Had the third floor shaking without breaking a sweat
God damn it felt good to be the teacher's pet

And I can hear 'em talking in the hallways
I'm always late for lunch learning dirty little leasons from you
Now my name is on the lips of every cheerleader in my school
Now I'm a legend in the locker room . .  . Legendary Baby
Goodness gracious accusations started flying through the building
Cruel as school children
This isn't how its suppose to be
Reminiscent of Don't Stand So Close To Me
And it was mostly my fault for letting the shit happen
But I couldn't resist a little adolescent bragging . . I mean
After all I was only 15 and she was showing me things my virgin eyes had never seen
And I never forgot the little meeting she called
But when she saw my reaction it made her appalled
So, basically what your saying is if I don't keep tappin that ass
Then you ain't going to let me pass
Some punishment lady and as I turn toward the door I look back
She had her clothes on the floor
Needless to say I passed with flying colors
But my teacher was my best friend's mother, damn
And I can hear 'em talking in the hallways
I'm always late for lunch learning dirty little leasons from you
Now my name is on the lips of every cheerleader in my school