Mr. Cheeks: Queen's Most Wanted...shout outs to
The Bandit baby RIP. We represent the LB
To the day we die Run with Lou Spigg Nice Freaky Tah
Ha ha it's Group Home Management there. Shout outs
To Big ? and Big Chuck. Shout out to the Packers baby
Get that  moneeey. Yo yo yo yo...
Hear you better get the seeds
When you livin' inside the Rotten Apple
Peoples know Queens be the chapel
I lay my laws score bounce with my man
Come through wet plus seven ?? now
Hollered all the ?Yen?
But first of all I laid in the cut
And peeped out these cats guess what?
I'm on the streets scramblin'
I'm inside the crib writin'
Sleeps durin' the day creeps when it's night &
I get my tunes together kid and we be zonin'
Before you know it's like 5 in the morning
Now go on home until we done with these beats
Hot 97 it callin' up Scoop what it be?
Nothin' really kid bouncin' with My Crew
City lights glistenin' listenin' to you
Peeped yo' topic & we heard that girl
Ask that chick What's Wrong with this world
For real...
You might also likeWhat's wrong with the way I live
For the loot they refuse to give (4x)

I'm just ya Ordinary Guy get high
Make my trees do my things
Handle my resposi-bilities
And I swing with my peeps (peoples)
Late night hit the streets solo creeps
Gettin' busy in be-tween the sheets
That's how we do get this money
And yo run our shit
Got my guns shiesty muthafuckas wanna end
Me & my team mad cause they ain't got what we got
So they come tryin' to blow up the spot
Hear we got skills plus we got gats
Plus we got a click that's fuckin' quick to react
I lay low where my head be
Besides the loot I got niggas tryin' to jack me
I tell cats that I can't fuck around now
I gotta chill nigga hold the fort down now
Niggas still always tryin' to fuckin' put shit in the game
On & off stage it's all the same
Word up...
Chorus
To all my peeps that's young & old
Yes indeed man I hope we all achieve the goal
To succeed & be all we can be
I recommend that you defend 'til the end G
Now basically I'm seein' younger cats dead in years
Before my younger cats was older cats sheddin tears
Seen my peoples caught up in the mix Black
Some people say that there's no way to fix that
Younger cats get your knowledge education
Get this here we didn't get that information
As you can see I'm just an older cat gettin' down
Send my message through my livin' plus I'm ? sound
Besides man I runs with the LB
In 97 there's nothin' you can tell me
Word up I only represent the way that I be livin'
Worked hard but they stills not givin'
Word up...
Chorus (2x)