Birdman! (lady's and gentlemen) mm-huh!
Jazzy Fizzle product-shizzle my nizzle
Oh boy! with Lil' Bow Wizzle (Bow Wizzle)
Ay...ay, I see you with shorty huh
Take her to tha mall pimp! (ah-huh) Okay!
Show me how lil man roll! (ooowwee!)

I know this chick named Nicole, They call her bougie
Didn't wanna shop nowhere but Gucci (but Gucci)
And Burberry and Prada was her style (OK)
I'm tryin' to tell y'all that shorty could get down (uh-wow)
Conversations amazing
In my 4, shorty's in heavy rotation (fo sho)
Thinkin' to myself like, this is the one
Broke her down, told shorty how to do this hun! (fo sho)
Neva gave her the cold shoulder
If she's in the Benz, I let her take ova' the Rover (vrrm-vrrm!)
Then it's off to the movies, tell her
I'm like Austin, Let's get groovyyyy!
From the movies to the crib
Git her(?) for ya heard that's what I did, and! (OK)
I'll find me another one
More interesting, more fun
The man has just begun!
See Bow Wow LiveGet tickets as low as $326You might also like
It's really, really nice to meet ya Ma (what's happenin')
I'm really, really diggin' yo style (yo style)
Say you wanna go chill with a baller huh (Bow Weezy Baby!)
Let's get down!
It's really, really nice to meet ya boy
Ya know I'm really feelin' yo style
Ya know I wanna chill with a baller so
Lets get down!

Ay! I see what cha doin' Lil Bow Wow (uh-huh)
Ya had a date
Ya did that. Now I want you to go world wide with it
East Coast, West coast, mid-west, and down bound

I know this girl named Cindy (OK)
Loves to rock Fendi (wow)
When she leaves the mall, The stores is all empty
East coast, New York, my up town chick (wow)
I see her when I cruise the Park and 106 (holla)
Next...Her name is Renee (ghetto chick)
She lives on the west side I hit the L.A.X. (OK)
I'm so impressed by the way that she dress (she got gear)
She walks like a model, the girl is so fresh (so fresh)
I got a few of them, here's what I do to them (what chu' do?)
Take 'um out, try to teach somethin' new to them (hah-ok)
It's no thang, when you heavy in the game
I got another one who loves the mid-west swing! (St. Louie)
She's from the show-men state
So I showed her my 'B' and my quarter to eight, hey! (do your thang)
I know you caught on late, but that's 7:45
Now shorty, now let's ride, hop in the whip!
It's really, really nice to meet ya Ma (what's happenin')
I'm really, really diggin' yo style (yo style)
Say you wanna go chill with a baller huh (Bow Weezy Baby!)
Let's get down!
It's really, really nice to meet ya boy
Ya know I'm really feelin' yo style
Ya know I wanna chill with a baller so
Lets get down!

Ay! now I'm about to test your P's Lil Bow Wow
(uh-huh) See lil' one ova' there
She bout 25, and she been lookin' at cha'
Pull over there in ya ride on 22's and bust her out!

I know this girl named Keisha, she's no groupie
Be far from the stars, 22's made her choose me
Like ooh wee!, Tellin' all her friends in the Benz
He don't really look 16 do he?'
112, youngest thing on the scene
Couldn't believe when I seen
How she squeezed in them jeans
Looks like a tight situation
Make a young man make flight reservations
Just step, no intimidation's
I'm Bow Wow boo, accept no imitations
Should have seen the looks on they faces
The ice plus light, makes for good conversation
You tellin' me it's a felony, to yell at me
I blew her mind she was dazed momentarily
But luckily, she stayed for some therapy
I stay pimpin' heavily
My game spittin' thoroughly (ha ha ha)
It's really, really nice to meet ya Ma (what's happenin')
I'm really, really diggin' yo style (yo style)
Say you wanna go chill with a baller huh (Bow Weezy Baby!)
Let's get down!
It's really, really nice to meet ya boy
Ya know I'm really feelin' yo style
Ya know I wanna chill with a baller so
Lets get down!

Shorty (shorty) you lookin' fly boy certified
Ya went platinum, round the world coast to coast
Ya good wit me. ya get a stunna certification
R.R.A.A. ya good player Lil Bow Weezy
It's yo turn shine baby (shine baby boy) do you lil daddy. (do you)
Bow Weezy baby!.....
Live it up Bird call Baby!
Shorty (shorty) 5 ft. pimpin' boy
Ya good wit me lil one. let's roll!

It's really, really nice to meet ya boy
Ya know I'm really feelin' yo style
Ya know I wanna chill with a baller so