They brought beer, Jack Daniels and some pretzels; a little red wine, and a little white (yes, we're celebratin' 'bout that Jew)
They were celebratin' how they crucified Christ on that tree
But ol' Satan, the snake himself, wasn't so at ease
Well, he took his crooked finger and dialed on the phone by his bed (AT & T reach out and touch someone)
To dial an old faithful friend who'd know for sure (he'll know) if He was dead
"Hey Grave, I want to know, did my plan fail? "
But ol' Grave said, "Ha, the dude is dead as nails, man"
Ooo, well on Friday night they crucified the Lord at Calvary
But He said don't fret because in three days I'm gonna live again, you're gonna see
So when problems try to bury you (six feet deep) and make it hard for you to pray
May seem like that Friday night, but Sunday's on the way
A tranquilizer or a horror flick couldn't calm Satan's fear, oh no (that cat was scared)
Saturday night he called up Grave scared of what he'd hear (I, I don't know what ol' Grave's gonna say)
"Hey Grave, what's goin' on? " Man, you called me twice, (can you believe it?)
And I'll tell ya one more 'gain, boss, that Jew's on ice" (that's cold)
"Man, can you remember when Lazarus was in the grave? (I believe I can recall)
Everything was cool but four days later, boom, he was raised
Now this Jesus has been more trouble than anyone has been to me (I believe the man has got you shook)
Oh yeah, 'cause He says He'll only be there three"
Let's see there's Friday, Saturday, Uh, oh!...
Well on Friday night they crucified the Lord at Calvary
But He said don't fret because in three days I'm gonna live again, you're gonna see
So when problems try to bury you (six feet deep) and make it hard for you to pray
May seem like that Friday night, but Sunday's on the way
Sunday mornin' Satan woke up with a jump, ready to blow a fuse
He was shaking from the tips of his pointed ears to the toes of his pointed shoes
Oh he said, "Grave, is He alive, I don't want to lose my neck"" (I can't lose it)
Your evilness (You big yellow-belly fraidy cat. Runnin' from everything that barks, you used to be cool. You old...)
Cool your jets, big 'D' (Big evil dummy) my scene is still intact
You see that Jesus is dead forever and ain't never comin' back (never say never)
So go drink up, or go shoot up
But, just leave me alone
Oh look, Oh no!
Somebody's messin' with the stone! "
Well, the stone rolled away and it bounced a time or two
And an angel said, "I'm Gabriel, who are you?
If you're wondering where the Lord is at this very hour
Guess what? He's alive with resurrection power!
On Friday night they crucified the Lord at Calvary
But He said don't fret because in three days I'm gonna live again, you're gonna see
So when problems try to bury you (six feet deep) and make it hard for you to pray
May seem like that Friday night, but Sunday's on the way