With liberty and justice for all
J-J-J-Justice for all?

I'mma get mine, you should get yours too
Shooting, shooting, shooting, man them boys always shoot
American dream, American man too
Shooting, shooting, shooting, watch them boys always shoot
And I-I-I-I been so tired of being insecure
So tired of I've had enough running
Running, and running and running and running (Running)
Running, and running and running and running and (Running enough)
Just give it up, I don't give a fuck
I've had enough, Y'all give a fuck? No
Light it on fire, I've had enough
Running, and running and running and running
And running and running and running and

You act like the change, tryna put me in chains
Don't act like you saving us, it's still the same
Man don't act like I made it up, you blaming us
You keep it one hundred, you gave the name to us nigga
We still in chains, we still in chains
We still in chains, we still in chains
We still in chains, we still in chains
We still in chains, you put the shame on us
See USHER LiveGet tickets as low as $89You might also like
Naw, naw, naw shame on us, naw
Naw, naw, naw shame on us, naw
Naw, naw, naw, naw, naw
Naw, yeah (Yeah)

Moment of silence
American school and we in church too (Don't shoot)
Shooting, shooting, shooting, we the prey
Always shoot (Prey)
I'mma be trill, you should be trill too
You don't even gotta talk we just shoot
And I feel so tired of being insecure
Just give it up, don't give a fuck
Light it on fire

Yeah, yo check
I am Sugar Ray Robinson, Booker T. Washington
W. E. B. Du Bois, I'm the modern one
Yelling at Senators, Presidents, Congressmen
We got a problem that needs some acknowledgement
I am no prison commodity, not just a body you throw in a cell
For any reason, just to bother me
Just for your quota, so it's rest in peace to Sean Bell
Sleep in peace Eric Garner (Sandra)
Every street, every corner
Conspiracy, new world order
I spoke to Tamir Rice mom and she told me "be strong"
It won't be long 'til it's justice
They won't have votes but refuse the discussion
On how certain cops they shoot us for nothing
Revolution is coming
You act like the change, tryna put me in chains (The land of opportunity, the land of Unity)
Don't act like you saving us, it's still the same (Brotherhood, trust, America)
Man don't act like I made it up, you blaming us (But you know)
You keep it one hundred, you gave the name to us ~nigga~
We still in chains, we still in chains (Usher, what up my nigga? Ha!; You still in chains?)
We still in chains, we still in chains (You still in chains?; You see these chains?)
We still in chains, we still in chains (I can't see the difference from how we used to be; You see these chains? You see these chains?)
We still in chains, you put the shame on us (Oh, whoa chains)

Naw, naw, naw shame on us, naw
Naw, naw, naw shame on us, naw (Shame)
Naw, naw, naw, naw, naw
Naw, yeah (Bow, bow!)
You put the shame on us

We still in chains, we still in chains
We still in chains, we still in chains
We still in chains, we still in chains