Now turn it up (A little louder!)
Turn it up (A little louder!)
Turn it up (A little louder!)
Can't live my, I, I can't live my
I can't live my, I, I can't live
Turn it up (A little louder!)
I, I can't live my
Can't live my life...

Yeah, yo, I can't live my I, I can't live my
Life this way, continually get high
Instead of running 'round, lock one bird down (Yeah)
It's a new day, gotta do it big just to get by (Right, right)
Show no respect? Can't live that way (Nah, nah)
You hold my check? Can't live that way
Without my chick on deck? Can't live that way (Yeah)
They say what they like, but I've been that way (Woo!)
I moves calculated through the lens, almost here (Yeah)
Success will be the best revenge (Yeah)
Man, from Clint East' to Kanye West (What up! What up!)
The sun can't chill but everyday it sets (Evidence!)

This time, I made up my mind
This time, I'm back on my grind
I know there's things in my life
That I'ma let go starting tonight
(I can't live my, I, I can't live my)
(I can't live my, I, I can't live my)
I can't live my, I, I can't live my
I can't live my life
This way (Can't live my, I, I can't live my)
This way (I can't live my, I, I can't live my)
(This Way) I can't live my, I, I can't live my
I can't live my life this way (Yeah, Kanye to the)
You might also like
My favorite girl wanna leave me just because I got a girlfriend
My freak girl told me now, she a Christian
My white girl wanna move back to Michigan (Okay)
I'm pulling girls off the bench like a sixth man
I'm in the club, doing the same ol' two step
While Omegas doing the same ol' "Q" step (Q!)
I have my money on my mind, I was thinking green
She a pledge A.K.A., she was pink and green
I want a good girl, she want a gentleman (Okay)
We saying the same thing like a synonym
I wasn't really spitting game, I was scrimmaging
My penmanship so hard it need censorship (Woo!)
I'm a Chicagoan 'til Chicago ends (Yeah!)
Till we blow like Chicago wind
I don't know what's better, getting laid or getting paid (Haha)
I just know when I'm getting one, the other's getting away
This way!

This time I made up my mind (Ugh)
This time I'm back on my grind (Yeah)
I know there's things in my life
That I'mma let go starting tonight
(I can't live my, I, I can't live my)
(I can't live my, I, I can't live my)
I can't live my, I, I can't live my
I can't live my life this way (can't live my, I, I can't live my)
This way (I can't live my, I, I can't live my)
This way, I can't live my, I, I can't live my
I can't live my life this way
Go 'head, flip a coin so the game can start
Believe I know the drama, kid name the part
I learned before the hot flame came the spark
It's like before the pop fame came to 'Pac
But this industry'll play with your life man
They playing with your rent, food, water and lights man
That's why Rakaa brings it like that ol' Toddy Tee jam
The Batterram then I'm off to Amsterdam
To rest up for strength to deal with this weight
To deal with these deals, to deal with this hate
I dedicate this Jam Master Jay
Run-D.M.C. showed me how to walk, this way

This time I made up my mind
This time I'm back on my grind
I know there's things in my life
That I'mma let go starting tonight
(I can't live my, I, I can't live my)
(I can't live my, I, I can't live my)
I can't live my, I, I can't live my
I can't live my life this way (can't live my, I, I can't live my)
This way (I can't live my, I, I can't live my)
This way, I can't live my, I, I can't live my