"Oh Jesus."
"Louder!"
"Bless the earth."
"I don't feel anything."
"Oh, oh oh, I feel it, Oh great God Almighty I repent, I repent. Aww, I feel the love of the God God God Almighty. Oh the Holy Spirit is in my body."
I'm your darkest reflection, I'm that Devil inside
I'm the reason that it rains, I'm so wicked I make God cry
From high up above he cries when I take a life
"I am the Devil and I am here to do the Devil's work"
I stick a knife deeper inside, this is femicide
Heaven must have cried when they learned the likes of me
Cold hearted heathen with the tongue of blasphemy
I'll leave you suffering welcoming my sanity
Taken away from me
Will God save a person like me - NO!
Does he hold a special place for me - NO!
Is he even alive, is he real - NO!
You'll never be saved, repent not, go out and kill
I wake up with blood dripping from my mouth and chin
Seems that I've commited another unforgivable sin
Outside it's raining I must have made God cry again
I'm singing to myself ripping the throat (la la la la) out of this Christian bitch
I was taken a long rip off with Sick
Hear a knock at my door, I'm like who the fuck is this
Coming up to my crib unexpected will get your face split
Grabbed my barbed wired bat and walked into the entrance
No time to think, I grab the knob and twist
Open the door and see this whore with the Bible clenched inside her fist
Hello miss the Lord has sent me here to save you
You're blessed he loves you I'm inviting you to pray
So I smile and say that's very kind, want to come in
She steps in and I look outside to make sure nobody's witnessin'
I'm lockin' the door behind me leading her down into my basement
I push her down the stairs she falls her head hits the pavement
I kneel by her side to my surprise she's still alive
She starts screaming, why God tell me why
I'll tell you why, tonight you're gonna die
I'll even take my time in case God decides to drop by
You might also likeHeaven must have cried when they learned the likes of me
Cold hearted heathen with the tongue of blaspheme
I'll leave you suffering welcoming my sanity
Taken away from me
Will God save a person like me - NO!
Does he hold a special place for me - NO!
Is he even alive, is he real - NO!
You'll never be saved, repent not, go out and kill
(Speaking)
And what has God done for you?
Did he climb down the cross and nurse your wounds?
Of course he didn't!
He wasn't there for you, you only got yourself
God is for the weak
I grabbed the bitch by her hair and leaned her up against the wall
Go ahead scream louder maybe God will hear your call
But I wouldn't count on it cause your God is a fake
Please give me some proof minus the basis of faith
Her life fades I can tell so I put the Bible in her hand
Read me stories from your great book, I demand
My hands slide down my pants as she's reading Bible passages
I'm pleasuring myself, masturbating, blasphemous
Stuck my finger down her throat, she's gaggin and she's chokin'
I'm cumin' on her face she can't move her legs are broken
I'm opening the Bible ripping out pages out one by one
Dancing around the room like a princess having fun
But I ain't a princess I'm a motherfuckin' queen
And turn my garden of screams where all the roses bleed
No God can save you, no God can save me
I've lost my sanity, my motive, fantasies are my reality
Heaven must have cried when they learned the likes of me
Cold hearted heathen with the tongue of blasphemy
I'll leave you suffering welcoming my sanity
Taken away from me
Will God save a person like me - NO!
Does he hold a special place for me - NO!
Is he even alive, is he real - NO!
You'll never be saved, repent not, go out and kill
Never thee repent for these sins that I'm commiting
Your God is just a lie and so I spit on all religion
I'm chasin' fact, you're chasin' fiction
As the crucifix is shiftin' upside down, the time is now, the sheep fall to their knees and fuckin' listen
Will God save a person like you - NO!
Does he hold a special place for you - NO!
Is he even alive, is he real - NO!