Ah, ah, ah (Yeah, yeah)
Ah, ah, ah-ah
Da, da, da, da, da
Da, da, da-da-da-da
Da, da, da, da, da
Da, da, da, da, da
Da, da, da-da-da-da
Da, da, da, da, da
Da, da

I love Black folk (Black)
Black look like a revolution (Black)
Look like a family reunion in the park
Black look like it's a different world
Sound like a crawfish boil in New Orleans
Black folk joke around like Martin and got paintings from JJ in the living room
It sounds strong, look like sacrifice
It be, flowers blooming in the summertime
Black sound like old songs, smell like good food
And it tastes like heart disease
But it feel like maze at Jazz Fest
Black sound like something that hurt, like a hard test
Black sound like skin, like something dark
It look like hair, yeah, Black sound like rough hair, and good hair
Look like history, sound spiritual
Black sound like years, like working, like night
Black sound like money, look like Walmart
Like corner stores, like cash registers singing
Black sound like four-hundred years, smell like Oprah!
Impactful like Martin, look like Cicely Tyson
Sing like Nina, got a ass like Serena
Feel like broken homes and Section 8
Black smell like crack and collard greens
Sounds motivational, feels like church
Look like big Sunday hats and ribbons
You might also like
Smile like your mama
Eyes like the sun
Beautiful child, oh, you're the one
Fly like your daddy
Make me so happy
Beautiful child, oh, you're the one

Sound like thick plaits swingin' and sneaky uncles
Look like Tyler Perry making money
Sound like hating, feel frustrating, don't it?
Like they don't get it, like they won't ever get it, huh?
Like, "Push your personal feelings of racial injustice so far underneath the carpet
That you trip over your own family history!"
But I love me some Black folk
I love the hair grease and the rental fees
The front row seats, the police, the projects, the mustard greens
Being late, social security checks, government assistance
Bougie Black looking good
Bags of hair, fake press on nails, rat tail combs, stunting gold Jean, gold teeth
Black men and big feet
I love me some Black folk
For they are the people that were made from the darkest parts of the sky

Smile like your mama
Eyes like the sun
Beautiful child, oh, you're the one
Fly like your daddy
Make me so happy
Beautiful child, oh, you're the one
I'm in a place when I see your face
Must be nostalgia, ah
I'll never forget the day that we met
Beautiful child, oh, you're the one (Yeah)
Ah-ah-ah

Black, don't crack, I love your skin
I don't see that from other kin
It's today, any day
I see me and mine doing different times
Pushing boundaries
West Coast, East Coast, overseas

From the 504, what you think I came to LA for? (Aww!)
Everybody from the 504, what you think I came to LA for?
Everybody from the 504, what you think I came to LA for?
Everybody from the 504, what you think I came to LA for?

Everybody from the 504, (Woo!) what you think I came to LA for?
Everybody from the 504, everybody from the 504, yeah!
Everybody from the 504!