(Coco!) Oh
Oh, oh
Mmm, hahahaha
(Wake up!)
This is a song about some things to remember
So before I go on, go get a pen or a pencil
Something to write on, type on, text with
I don't care what you use as long as you get the message
(Wake up!)

Don't forget to brush your teeth and wash your face
Take a bath if you ain't do that yesterday
'Cause, honestly, I'm on E considering my current chi
(Woo, woo)
Don't forget to tell yourself that you're a winner (You're a winner)
Self-motivate, now eat your Wheaties, Bruce Jenner (Jenner, Jenner)
Don't forget to grab your phone, too late
Plus you already late, it is only Monday
Rushing, tire-blazin', trippy bumper stickers
Sticking notes to cope, remind me not to flip out
Fat girls havin' trouble with their zippers (Fat girls)
But don't forget, you're still a winner (Oh woah, woah)

Little things comin', little things running all over the floor
Gotta stay focused, choke in the smoke and we rollin' and blowin'
Little things coming, little things dropping all over the floor
Focus your sword in the motion
I'm hoping you don't miss your moment (Wake up!)
You might also like
Rent due, past due, new shoes (New, new!)
Lake view, sky view (New, new, new, new!)
I have the whole store (I have the whole store)
Makin' deposits (Makin' deposits)
If I were honest (If I were honest)
No room in my closet
I like the new shit (I like the new shit)
I like to buy it (I like to buy it!)
Get why I want this shit?
Went back to return it
Funny thing about forgetting things, even simple things
Makes remembering a purple haze, like
(One!) Phone charger had a good run
(Two!) I let the incense burn too long
(Three!) I got a fish tank for the new broad
(Four!) I ain't fed that damn fish in like two weeks
(Six!) I forget the first line for the damn song
(Six!) Where the numbers at? Why the track so long?
(Six! Six!) Six, what?

(I blacked out)
Too high up to realize alarm clock like it made no sound
(La-di-da)
Dizzy in my disco, took my Nyquil then I...
Little things comin', little things running all over the floor
Gotta stay focused, choke in the smoke and we rollin' and blowin'
(More, more!)
Little things comin', little things droping all over the floor
Focus your sword in the motion
I'm hoping you don't miss your moment

I got a flat tire, I'll be there in an hour
So I simply decided I'd take my blunt in delight
Man, I'm dazed out
Feelin' real lost, got me blazed out (Blazed out)
Lost in the sauce, come get me out
Still at the party, confetti out
Let me out, let me out

(I blacked out)
Flyin' high and made of wood, a sight it is to be a kite
(La-di-da)
Dizzy in my disco, took my Nyquil then I...

So high, so high
So, so, so, so, so