Hey, this is is DJ Soul Sister in New Orleans
Let's mellow it out to close it out
With some mellow moods for the lovers
'Cause at TATB, we really love to make you smile

While fishin' and swimin' in side the ocean I live in
Came across a jellyfish peculiar and whistlin'
Seems like he's been waiting for
Something or someone like me, maybe
Mister jellyfish, do you live on the corner?
Do you know of this water, didn't I have you coddled?
Often doubtful and awkward, insecure on my fans
Most days I lack confidence, but I can not miss my chance

Come by and discover, unusual lover
We're under the water, so anything goes (Oh)
I know why you came here, get lost in the wasteland (Ooh)
Who knows how deep we can go?

Can we build sandcastles way out in the ocean?
On Tuesdays and Thursdays, you know that I'm open
Hopin' and wishin', I'm sort of like fishin'
For something right under my nose
Mister jellyfish, would you mind stoppin' by?
Swim a lifetime, a lifetime would be swell
If a fisherman passes by and catches me in his net
I bet you'll swim around for me
Waitin' forever
You might also like
Come by and discover, unusual lover (Ooh, ooh)
We're under the water, so anything goes (And is that cool?)
I know why you came here, get lost in the wasteland (Ooh)
Who knows how deep we can go?

Come by and discover, unusual lover (Unusual)
We're under the water, so anything goes (Oh)
I know why you came here, get lost in the wasteland
(I know why you came)
Who knows how deep we can go?

Get lost in (La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la la-la)
Oh whoa, oh whoa, oh whoa
(La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la la-la)
Get lost in a dream
(La-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la la-la)

Come by and discover (Come by)
Unusual lover (Unusual)
We're under the water (Lover)
So anything goes (Oh whoa oh, oh whoa)
I know why you came here, get lost in the wasteland
Who knows how deep we can go?
Come by and discover, unusual lover
We're under the water so we can get close
I know why you can't hit, get lost in the wasteland
Who knows how deep we can go?

Oh woo
Ooh no, when it stay
It stay, make close
Unusual lover, unusual, unusual lover