Get up
Get up
What time it is?
Shit
Get up

Most days I wanna lay, I wanna lay, I wanna lay on the sofa
(Most days I wanna lay, I wanna lay, lay on the sofa, nigga)
Most days I wanna lay, I wanna lay, I wanna lay on the sofa

There's such a thin line between
Finding yourself and being in between dreams
There's a little bit of faith, I know
Little bitty seed of mustard grow
In my skull
The ways, the ways
The ways I learned to grow (To grow, to grow)
If there is no limit to what I can do, I'll be
I just gotta be told (Be told), but don't tell me shit

Most days I wanna lay, I wanna lay, I wanna lay on the sofa
(Most days I wanna lay, I wanna, uh, lay on the sofa, nigga)
Most days I wanna lay, I wanna lay, I wanna lay on the sofa
(Most days I wanna, uh, I wanna, uh, lay on the sofa, nigga)
You might also like
I'm on a lonely highway, on the freeway
In a green car, going real far
Finna slow down at station nearby, I need energy
Nothing fuels me or fills me anymore
I'm watching TV, I'm eating, scrolling
Obsessing, chilling, chicken
Fucking, writing, sleeping, giving fucks for no reason
Like spaced out, changing seasons
Most meetings are not for greetings
Season forgiving a reason for living
I seem to remember the lessons I learn, the things I remember
The niggas I curved, man
I remember when I used to hang with my sister
All my kid sis at jazz lane, the pass lane
The time fly by, by, by, it don't last
Bitch, I tried to remake my last
But everybody looking for what the fuck is next
What the fuck is next? What the fuck is next?
What the fuck is next? What the fuck is next?

Most days I wanna lay, I wanna lay, I wanna lay on the sofa
Most days I wanna lay, I wanna lay, I wanna lay on the sofa
Most days I wanna, uh, I wanna what? I wanna, on the sofa
Most days I wanna lay, I wanna lay, I wanna lay on the sofa
I spent my 20s looking for myself in poems and niggas
In deep quotes and compliments and good pictures
Every morning I wake up, I count to twenty
I wanna lay longer, my bed soft and my pillow perfect
Plus I'm exhausted
I think it's because I've been running in my head
I'm still searching for purpose
In that dream I had last night
I was running from a fruit fly
Something so small had me going
Maybe that's why the little things bother me
Pulling my raincoat, mess with my rainbow
Boy, you really gonna allow such small things to mess with you?
Fuck with you?
Obama say, "What it do?"
Trump say, "This will do, this will do, this will do, this will do"

Get up
Now most days
(Tank, you talk to mama?)
Wanna lay

I wanna lay on the sofa, I wanna lay on the sofa, oh yeah
I wanna lay on the sofa, I wanna lay on the sofa, ayy, ayy, ayy, yeah
I wanna lay on the sofa, I wanna lay on the sofa, ayy, ayy, ayy, yeah
I wanna lay on the sofa, I wanna lay on the sofa, ayy, ayy, yeah
I wanna lay on the, I wanna lay on the sofa
I wanna lay on the, I wanna lay on your sofa
(Stupid, hahaha)
You're moving way too fast, you need to slow down
You're moving way too fast, you need to slow down
You're moving way too fast, you need to slow down
Slow down
You're moving way too fast, you need to slow down
You need to slow down
You're moving way too fast, you need to slow down