Tank:
1, 2, 3 - Hit it!
Down by the river where the green grass grow
& the sun be burnin' burnin' (hot)
Take your pantyhose don't nobody know where you go
Just know the block just got hot
When you see a trick gotta be slick, gotta be quick
Gotta get get 'fore you get (got)
Ooh, ain't no tellin' what I'm gonna do tonight!
Man I strolled up in the room it was full of
Liquor & colors (liquor & colors)
Then I grabbed somebody's groom, man
He was curious & plastered (curious & plastered)
Then I took him by the hand
I slipped a mickey in his vodka
(Mickey in his vodka)
Then the next thing that I know man he was reachin' for his wallet
(I'm on the road)
I'm driving real fast, w/ a tank full of gas stealing cash
(On the radio)
It plays back so fast, I might pass might crash, play it smart take it slow
You might also like(Sippin' on that sizzerp I was leanin' & rockin')
Oh but my car's started swervin'
Back that bass mixed w/ them sirens

I see him lookin' a mile away
He like my body, don't see my face
Hang w/ them girls, you gotta pay to play
(My back is achin', my bra too tight, my booty shakin' from left to right)
Ooh girl the next thing that I know
Man my car had start to slow
Man that gas run out
Run the place now
Should I get out?
(Girl no)
I gotta make a quick decision so my hand moves to the door
But I get a flashback of a recap of the night before
(Hi, donchu wanna ride, doncha wanna fly, doncha wanna pass out? This is just like last week when I...)
Man I showed up in the room it was full of
Liquor & colors (liquor & colors)
I was stumbling from my car
He must've noticed I was plastered (noticed I was plastered)
Then he followed me right in
He slipped a mickey in my vodka (mickey in my vodka)
Then next thing that I know man I was leanin' he was drivin'!
So I (gotta make a quick decision)
I gotta get - get out my feelings see that (money on the dash)
Ooh then we wanna go to Venice!
(What'd you say?)
Then we wanna go to Venice
Girl I don't wanna go to prison
So crank that car up, ooh it start, so now I'm hitting sixty on 'em!

& I be like ah, oh my God
My goodness gracious
That music's loud
Sirens blazin'
I've gone too far
I'm in the deep end
So who's gonna save me
Who's gonna save me save me? (What'd you say?)
Save me, save me
Who gonna save me save me
Save me, save me
Who gonna save me save me
Save me, save me
Who gonna save me save me
Save me, save me
Who gonna save me save me
(Where da money at?)
Oh gotta make the money real quick, real quick
Oh gotta make the money real quick, real quick
Oh gotta make the money real quick, real quick
Oh gotta make the money real quick, where da money?
Oh gotta make the money real quick, real quick
Oh gotta make the money real quick, real quick
Oh gotta make the money real quick, real quick
Quick money
Quick money