Up and kiss my feet. Pay respect due Oh yes. I'm glad to see you
In my menu and then I see you on my platter Feeding Buddha
Blessd belly wit' booty MC's that I molested Yes. I do pose it
The flavor that you obsess wit' so don't mess wit' the tiger. he
Might eat you alive Your head get chopped off like a gelatin He
Kill again and if you linger in my area, he might kill again I been
There I done that. Now who do I have to bother? You the
Wackest, I'm the dopest you be the wackest Ain't no Victoria's
Secert My funny bones you tickle it So HA! HA! AH! Giggle it
Getting touch wit' your feminine side your eyes you 'bout to wet
It Meditate up to the higher I'm just like Rasta Faria I'm
Dreaded in my mental Get deeper than Plato microphone level
Make honers shake their booties like base without the treble
I'mma smack ya wit' a shovel droppin' you crews quick like devil
Vinyl, like a kid who flunk the final I be depressing your family
Wit' my tendency to be lyrically a scholar Whila making'em doller
I make your honey dips holla What I swalla Punks quck much
Quicker than quick-sand 'Cuz my flow will suffocate and wack
MC's that couldn't handle this lyrical vandalist I bomb like
Genghiskan Kickin' more souls than in timberland boots Over fat
Rhymes and tight beats and bass line loots With the fruit like
Loop I shoot dope rhymes like hoop I took control over your
Soul You try to look but you can't even find me. Like the movie
Without the title I dwell on the down low but I'm still your
Honey's idol I'm Don juan when I kick one time So when they play
With my middle I play you like the fiddle Wake up! In your sleep
I slap ya with a lethal dose(s) of medicine Mad inflictin' the
Pains in ya brains 'cuz I'm severing Like Letteman I'mma put you
In my top-ten list I'm gathering my props Leaving you in a trance
I'm making you wanna dance So you could be my entertainer when
My diction chokes Jokes MC's don't please don't try to battle me
'cuz I'm mad broke I can't afford to ever come wack I'm Tiger
JK and I'm blowin' up the track (refrain) What you say kid huh?