He's a nice guy - how ya doin?
He's a nice guy - good to see ya!
He's a nice guy - how your mom an' 'em?

Mr. Nice Guy, relationship advice guy
Light on the vices, priceless smile
Look at the eyes, got the look
Of a survivor, husband, father
Dissed by Eminem, but did it bother him?
Yup, but he classy
Big Will just get another 20 mill', walk right past E
I'm a nice guy, why y'all harassin me, huh?
On the radio they be over-exaggeratin
So blase with they lies, they be aggravatin me
Agitatin me, but they be waitin and hatin
And they be makin me crazy but I be takin it patiently
People be messin with me, testin me, f'n with me
I wanna send a message to 'em, teach 'em a lesson quickly
They publically addressin me, disrespectin me heavily
They better be lucky the way my blessings affected me, but
{*deep breath*} Calm down Willie
You don't wanna go drop the bomb now Willie
Keep a nice flow for your mom down in Philly
On the news you go if you blow and act silly, y'know?
You might also like
He's a nice guy - how ya doin?
He's a nice guy - good to see ya!
He's a nice guy - sometimes y'all
Mistake nice for soft, so I before I go off I just

RAH RAH RAH RAH RAH RAH RAH RAH

Will's a nice guy, why he's so nice I'd
Let him date my daughter like he was a white guy
Not like the rest, he's a private flight guy
Why, if I were gay on Friday night I'd...
Larry Elder - Uncle Tom?
You're lucky I ain't make you the whole damn rhyme
Wendy Williams, you don't know me
I'm not your punchin bag, you gon' blow me
Up, girl, better leave me alone
Before I buy your radio station and send you home
Yo, it's a warnin shot over the bow
Truth be told, this ain't my style
You gotta understand some stuff a man can't allow
You better chill 'fore you climb a tree you can't get down
Okay - people dissing Will sat on a wall
People dissing Will had a great fall
All the king's horses and all the king's men
Couldn't put none of their careers together again
You get it?
He's a nice guy - how ya doin?
He's a nice guy - good to see ya!
He's a nice guy - sometimes y'all
Mistake nice for soft, so I before I go off I just
He's a nice guy - how ya doin?
He's a nice guy - good to see ya!
He's a nice guy - sometimes y'all
Mistake nice for soft, so I before I go off I just