Cassie, NextSelection, R-Les

Just one night to be with you again
'Cause I miss the way (What?)
That it felt when we made love, oh
Just one night to be with you again
'Cause I miss the way... miss the way we made love

I ran across a, a picture of us
I admit I almost cried, oh
It made me realize how much I miss ya
How my life ain't been the same since you're gone

Left on my own
Left with an empty space
Can't hide
Everything reminds me of you
Next thing I know
That's when I see your face
And I know all I need...

Just one night to be with you again (One night to be with you, yeah)
'Cause I miss the way
That it felt when we made love, oh
Just one night to be with you again
'Cause I miss the way... miss the way we made love, uh
You might also like
I hope that you've been, that you've been missing
Missing me the way I miss you
It's so confusing, my mind I'm losing
And I hide it everyday

Left on my own (Ooh)
Left with an empty space
Can't hide
Everything reminds me of you
Next thing I know (That's when I see your face)
That's when I see your face (And I, yeah)
And I know all I need is just...

Just one night to be with you again (One night to be with you)
'Cause I miss the way (I miss the way we made love, love, love, love)
Just one night to be with you again (Just one night, one more night)
'Cause I miss the way... ('Cause I miss the way we) made love

Yeah, uh
You wanted to break up, now you calling me up
Just a matter of time, girl, 'fore you wonder what's up
No need to explain, baby, I can see in ya face
The real thing is real hard to replace, ain't it?
You can try to play dumb, you can try to deny it
You can say it's my fault, but you know it's a lie
You're the only one that didn't think I was for real
Now I'm gone, tell me how does it feel?
You miss me, don't you?
You know you don't feel complete
Without your VVS's on, slide back the sweets
Got a GSM phone, still hard to reach
'Cause the signal real low at the beach
When you're tanning your knees
Who else would tell you "Bring all your friends"
And on a scale of one to five, it's a ten out of ten
Can be get it back now? How it should have been then?
Homie, we can do it again, let's go, uh
Just one night to be with you again (One night to be with you)
'Cause I miss the way (I miss the way we made love, love, love, love)
Just one night to be with you again (Just one night, all I need is one more)
'Cause I miss the way we (The way we) made love