Lately...
I wish I could know the thoughts in your mind (yeah)
Cause lately...
Feels as though you only want me sometimes

My insecurity
Is takin' over me
I need to know where we stand
Is this a symptom of
Us fallin' out of love
What happened to the romance?

Thought I was your only one
I came second to none
I wish I didn't love you so much sometimes
(Then I wouldn't be mad)
Then I wouldn't be so mad
('Bout what) 'Bout what I thought we had
(I wish) I wish I didn't love you so much sometimes

Lately...
It's so hard to understand you sometimes (sometimes, just don't understand)
And lately...
You make me feel so demanding sometimes (so demanding sometimes)
You might also like
My insecurity
Is takin' over me
I need to know where we stand (Tell me where we stand baby)
I loved you all along (Loved you all along)
Tell me what I did wrong (Tell me)
What happened to the romance?

Thought I was your only one (Thought that I was your only one)
I came second to none
I wish I didn't love you so much sometimes
(Maybe then I)
Then I wouldn't be so mad (wouldn't be so mad)
'Bout what I thought we had (Said I wish I)
I wish I didn't love you so much sometimes

Now how you gon' blame me
Told you this once before
I'm an international hustler - entrepreneur
I fly coast to coast, make hits with stars
And I brought the cake home, said this was ours
Now we argue and such
We lost the touch
Spent a week over your mom's
Cause your heart was crushed
You don't like my lifestyle - say I work too much
Only thing I ever thought about first was us
Come on...
Oh and baby I can't believe you
Don't see how much I need you
Wish I could leave you
Sometimes (sometimes)
I can't believe you (you lie)
Don't see how much I need you (don't see)
Wish I could leave you (I wish, I...)
Wish I could leave sometimes

Thought I was your only one (thought I was your one and only)
I came second to none (...your one and only)
I wish I didn't love you so much sometimes (I don't wanna be foolish in love)
Then I wouldn't be so mad (who knew)
'Bout what I thought we had (and I wish that I didn't love you)
I wish I didn't love you so much sometimes
(Sometimes... and I thought that I was the one)
Thought I was your only one (thought I was the one)
I came second to none (and I really wish I didn't love you)
I wish I didn't love you so much sometimes (then I wouldn't be mad)
Then I wouldn't be so mad (about the love that we had)
'Bout what I thought we had (got me wishin' that I...)