Chorus:
Well give a buck-buck (here)
And a buck-buck (there)
From the front to the (rear)
Throw your hands (in the air)
*repeat x4*

Ding! Back in the ring, yo, it's the tag team jams (yeah yeah yeah)
So all rise for your honour, spark your lies, mark your drama
Now I'm stronger, and I'm faster, thicker than your plaster
I've got more styles than most MC's can master
I'm (what?) D-wilin, (what?) freestylers (what what??) regardless
Beatin me is like the Bills beatin Dallas
Keep them shorts for the midgets, there! I be the shit, it
And plus I light that ass up like the numerical digits
In my (beeper), cos we throwin niggas in the (sleeper)
I'm dazin you like (ether), more hoodies than the Grim (Reaper)
Be on you every way, my style; it ain't the everyday
It's better, we're sayin shit that other niggas never say (kid)
Kickin the flows (what?) that make your toes wanna tip (tip)
I used to be a wheel watcher til I got my whip (whip)
You see I walk with a (bop bop), I talk with the (slop slop)
I'm hittin you like six pool balls in a sock (sock sock)
It's the abortion, because I'm launchin, quick to floor shit
Click-click, now I'm on some Quick Draw McGraw shit
Porsche shit, now Dice bring it back on the steel
Alright we get the busters, smoke blunts out the mill (yeah)
You might also likeChrous:
So get the buck-buck (here)
And the buck-buck (there)
From the front to the (rear)
Throw your hands in the (air air)
With a buck-buck (here here)
And a buck-buck (buck here)
From the front to the (rear)
Throw your hands (in the air)
With a buck-buck (here)
And a buck-buck (there there)
From the front to the (yeah rear)
Throw your hands (in the air)
With a buck-buck (here here)
And a buck-buck (there there give em)
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah (From the rear, throw your hands in the air, yeah)

Well yo, the one is for my nuts (uhh), the two is for my penis (penis)
See I can rock this microphone (yeah) from here to fuckin Venus
Boy, I mean this, you've never seen this because you're corny (corny)
I'm sleepin on ya raps, I'm drinkin (yeah) nass because you're foamy
Wit that weak shit, I freak shit like I'm suppose ta (yeah)
Try to test my skills, word is bond (motherfucker), I'm gonna roast ya
(yeah)
I do this, they be like "Who dis?" (who dis?), I break the answer (answer)
Krazy fuckin Drayzie on the mic (yeah), I spread like (cancer)
So peep it (yeah) cos I'mma keep it straighter than an arrow
Niggas on my jive (why?) because I rock like a Camaro
I'm back to rip the track, so black you best to check the flow (flow)
Some niggas wanna copy but they're sloppy like Joe (yo) Joe (yo)
How I rip the shows? On the nightly (nightly)
Tell y'all niggas now there ain't a motherfucker like me!
(Aiight, b?), I'm slightly in the mood so watch me wreck shit (yeah)
Check shit, I be on some new improved (next shit)
I flex shit, that's the way I flip it on a angle
You knows who I are, wear my star like the spangled
Banner, bust the grammar, but I bring forth my knockers
If it ain't hip-hop, (aiyyo)
Well then it gotta be some rockin (BOW! BOW! BOW!)
I'm nicer than you think, so don't blink, you're gonna lose me (lose me)
And if ya didn't know, word bond (This is why my nigga choose me)
Chorus:
So give a buck-buck
And a buck-buck there
From the front to the (rear)
Throw your hands (in the air)
With a buck-buck (here)
And a buck-buck (there)
From the front to the (rear)
Throw your hands in the air