Well biggedy bust a mover
I biggedy be the trooper cause I'm slammin
I'm ready to check this jam
That this pretty i met is havin
I'm audi, I'm riggedy rollin four deep, don't sweat it
I'm troopin it with my niggas, East New York is where I'm headed
I'm friggedy freshly dipped, cold as shit but money I'm rugged
I'm rockin my forty belows in the snow so yo bug it
Yo fellaz, let's giggedy grab the train, fuck the walkin
Aaah, here we go, yo, why these people hawkin?
You you stupid , you look at my crew and now you're thinkin
(They must be wildin...-= Is that them stinkin?)
Fuck no you wan-ton soup serving 
You're staring, you beady eyed bastard link
Whaddya think dick?  I'm comin around the train and bumrush ya
Give me a ten foot pole and I wouldn't even touch ya
Hey lady, I see you sittin by the conductor
Thinkin that I'm a nigga, you figure I wanna fuck ya
Fuck there goes my beeper now these people think I'm slingin
Rocks by the blocks and killin em by the millions
But yo hops, here kiggedy comes my stop now I'm audi
I giggedy gots to go you motherfuckers think I'm rowdy and
You might also likeHard... Hard like a criminal x8
Verse Two

Dearly beloved
I'm swingin it from the lifestyles of the ruff and rugged
They got me upstate troop, so fuck it
In penile, I'm hard as a fuckin brick I wreck shop
Money grip, I'm up in the yard fightin kids till I drop
But, I'm out now, so fuckers around the way are sweatin my peoples
Not worried about a new jack black my shit is Diesel
Cause I pack, steel, I got the back, wheel
And plus I got the Young and the Restless watchin my back, still
Because I'm runnin the Ave again
I'm back in the game with my neighbor
Up on the Ave runnin guns that was to be the new flavor
And I'm wid it, my cousin's throwin a jam tonight I figures
That I'm bringin all my guns and I'm bringin all my niggas
(Don't go hangin out with no niggas...-= That's the life, that I lead)
You figgedy fuck around you lay around I told my cousin
First kill the flex, word is born I'ma bug him
We spiggedy spark the buddha now I got the devil in me
I'm sick, quick to smoke a nigga like a chimney
I'm packin a clip, ready to flip, just me and my friends
Twenty deep and two deep, a B-M-W and a Benz, rollin
Hard... Hard like a criminal x8
Verse Three

Brrr, it's cold as shit, liggedy split I think we're here G
Fuck I forgot her address, yo fellaz just bear with me
Yo Stevie, remember the crib she was tellin us that she chilled in
Well there go the block she live on and I think that's her building

Let the games begin I'm packin my steel with nuff dreads
In front of the bulding shit's thick cause all I could see was nuff heads
But I know them, we're spiggedy sparkin blunts and squeezin triggers
Bustin caps with my troops and a buncha other niggas

Awww shit, niggas is bustin caps, fuck that
I'm ready to find this crib, where this bitch live at?
Let's see, none of them kids right there heard of Shorty
Whadup Duke, any y'all niggas heard about this party?

Who the fuck are you G?  You couldn't be talkin to me hops
Get off that bullshit kid or get your teeth dropped
Cause out here, the biggedy bumrush is mad thick
I'm ready to catch a body so you might get had quick
A'ight G, I'll biggedy back up but kill the yappin
Don't play me for no sucker motherfucker it won't happen
Yo fellaz, let's biggedy break North before I flip
I'm sick of the way these punk niggas always talkin shit

Punk what?  You stupid motherfuck, is you crazy?
I'm liggedy loadin my clip about to flip, you're Swayze
I'm ready to light em up the four fifth is set to ill
So I tightens up my hoody so noone can see the grill

Yo what the fuck you doin man?  (Blam-blam)

(Ohh shit)
What the fuck, now what?
Where your man at now G, what?
Yo Blitz, yo blitz yo let's be out
Figgedy fuck it
I caught another body now I'm back up