(Gotta story to tell you all)
(Here's a little story I gots to tell)

Uh
Well say hello to the bad guy or am I or  cause I'm ya
Local slinger swinger, quick ta bring the drama
Plus not the kid to sweat but test me if ya wanna
I'm baggin kids up like they bagged that chick Tawana
Brawley, some ignore me, others I bother
For the props and top dollar, G I'm doin what I gotta, see
I puts the fear in ya heart kid, I start  for nuttin
And no this ain't the dope that catch ya cuttin, plus
Now's the time to make my move cause I'm out to do tha
Kid that tried to stiff me for some Buddha, sleep (word up)
I peeped every spot his boys be, I got crew
But what am I do is get somebody new to do it for me
I'm catchin wreck to prove a point, time is loot
And I ain't spinnin it in the joint but better yet
These days I'm all professional, some new  I got
I check this nigga that I used to snatch jewels wit
Back in the day but nevertheless the kid's ass' slingin gas
To pay bills to 'ford some pills that kill stress (I hear ya kid)
Now as for me G let's just say I learnt the rules
I paid my dues and now I cruise in my Lexus
No better time than the present to make him an offer
He can't refuse but might regret it, so I'mma set it
You might also like

Well, umm, take this job and shove it
Punk  it, another day at work and
My boss is on my back and I'm about to go berserk and
Catch a fit money grip cause pumpin gas is a bitch way
Niggas be ridin by my job and frontin like they rich and
I wanna bust with disgust 'cause I'm sour (aha)
Takin all the  and only gettin four dollars a hour
There go some bitches swearin that they better
Givin' a cold shoulder as they roll by in the  Jetta
I gets no play though 'cause they know they cuter
Can't wait to take a  break so I can go and puff this buddha
I'm bustin my ass but my cash just ain't stockin
Now who's this creepin up the  block-in?
Clockin, lookin like he really wanna test this
Just another dick, I oughta stick him for that Lexus
The  is killin me, why this kid grillin me?
Actin like he wanna bust caps and start fillin me
Up wit some hot , I spot , I'm buggin
I fuckin know this nigga because he used to be a thug in
My area, cause hysteria, I guess he chillin
We used ta rob niggas back in the day when I was illin
Like jaw-tappin niggas just for yappin
He claim he got some loot that I can make, I give him dappin'
Umm, let him kick it cause now I'm tryin to sink in
I need to make this dough so now ya know he got me thinkin

{Interlude: Dray & Scoob conversing}
Yo what up kid? I know that was you B, yo what up?
(Yo what up kid? Yo, I'm just out here doin my thing man
I'm tryin ta make this loot man, what up to you?)
Yo what's up? Put me on kid, ya see what I'm doin??
(I'm sayin man, what you doin man?)
Word up, I get off in a few B
(Aight! Yo I'm tryin ta see ya, word is bond!)
Yo yo, I ain't frontin kid, word is bond!
(Yo I'mma see ya aight)

Bringin it back cause now I'm wit it
I'm lookin ta make this loot so now I figure
I hooked up with this nigga
Because he bound to make my pocket's bigger
I'm lookin to do this just gimme the cue and I'm willin
He scooped up, suit me up
Boost me ups so now I guess we're chillin

I'm guessin we're like on some back-in-the-day 
I need you to do me this
Justice, some bustas keep on playin me on some stupid 
Crab nigga, up on the block he's just a tad bigger
Time to earn the cash so here's the burner and the mask nigga
Yeah yeah yeah that sound cool so gimme the tool because I'm on it
I leave em layin stiff and if that's how ya really want it
I'm buggin when I pull it, watch the bullet leave em leakin
Yo, hold up, cops! Yo I think them cops is peepin

Oh , where they at? Stash the gat, toss the herb cause
Jakes checkin my plates and I'm tryin not to swerve, word
My nuts is shot, I think these cops is like schemin G
I'm pullin to the curb because these herbs is high -beamin me
*police sirens*