Well uhh, ? ? ? ? is macaroni and cheese
Before I start, I gots ta umm fart, no I gots ta uhh sneeze
Not, I gotcha trippin, yippity-doo-da-day
Shucks, I'm makin bucks so umm hip-hip-hooray and then some
Cos I'm a powsy wowsy ace boon coon
So shout "wa-bap-a-loo-ba-bawa-bam-boom!"
Dray up for sure dang, now that I'm flexed
My a-efx'll quote, when the bridge fell down
And i'ma good ship with the lollipop
Left town so yiggity-yack, you booga-loo black
Oki doki, oopsy daisy, cos I'm crazy like that
But it's the cat got snuffed, or mr.red and his crew
So roll a spliff and rub-a-dub and then ya make beef stew
Troop, I got the hoolahoop, baby woop, dooby-doo
Lassie boy, you made a mess, now go and get the pooper scoop
Oops, I Weeble-wobble-wobble-weeble I may
But hocus-pocus and yippy-yi-yo, yay for Dray and......
"klap your hands now" (x3)
Bon voyage, look out below cos umm
I got my socks on, the popcorn, the hubba bubba, yep gum
Skippity bum, you think I don't know the time
Well it's half-past a cow's ass and I'm a real bad ass
Yeah, Chitty-bang-boom-bang, yo who rang?
Abra-cadabra, Jiminy crickets, set the wrists to my slang
I got the nighttime, sniffling, sneezing, yes
Stuffy-head, coughing, aching, fever so you can rest-type rhymes
So fidgety fever for the flavor of a spliff
Or a floozy, be careful who you choose
Cause choosey moms choose Jif
Lickety split, the slip of a lip can sink ships
And yo, a sandwich isn't a sandwich without the Miracle Whip
In the morning, yawning as I stand for group check
To back up, I slap up, r-r-rut up your poop deck
Yep, so what the heck, you gives rhymes like a cheque
Because the A is for apple, the J is for 'ja-back to boom back'
So gimme an S-K-double O-B, your man
So if ya happy and ya know it, klap your hands
You might also likeHook (x3)
Verse Three: Dray
Well uhh, woopty doody, abba doozy, it's time
I'm on the yabba dabba, scribber scrabber, shim-sham flam
So, heavens-to-Betsy, golly wolly, gee whiz
My lickity split got splat, the doodley squat was hot
Oh yeah, yap-a-doodle-do, you don't know Mr. Magoo?
You heard I'm loco, well yo, I'm despicable too
So umm, hi ho Silver and away we go
The Lone Ranger got pissed and shot Tonto in his toe, so
Holy Toledo, cowabunga, what gives?
I heard you shot my borough til *?blow at twins?*
The name farmer's up in me, need no give me no more
Cos that's all I can stands, I can't stands no more
So zippity doo, da day, woops I gots stuff
See I'm sneaky freaky peaky plus I'm chock full of nuts
But yo my Almond Joy caught a cap in his chest
So hey, how much wood could a woodchuck chuck?
If a woodchuck could chuck, fuck you know the rest
So season it, season it, season it, I shall
Cos it's the Krayzie Drayzie wit the Books, that's my pal and......
Hook (x3)
Verse Four: Skoob
A diggity-cap, my slipp'ry style I'm slaying is dap
I got the Mott's, the back pop, crackle and snap
And all that, me and a gang of PING PING bang zoomer
To freak ya outcha sneakers and knock your granny out her bloomers
Yo some say I'm Brooklyn bomber, some say Brooklyn boop
But don't consider me as no follower, no runner or no poop
But just rock, a by, rock, a by booboo
Let your fingers do the walkin, hey I'm talkin, yoohoo
Can ya, can ya hear me? Checka, checka 1-2
Aiyo, sit Ubu sit, shit cos I'm the one who
Kick a rhyme in singular, so son, get used to it
Cos Puff the Magic Dragon, I'll kick a rhyme in duplicate
Or triplicate, can't forget my boogaloo big jaw
Umm, listen hun, as I kick the jigsaw
M-I-crooked letter, crooked letter, I
Crooked letter, crooked letter, I hump back
Hump back, I, you can't touch I
Cos I's gots dem and dem is bound to make ya......