What's happenin' nigga?
Hell yeah, what's up my nigga? Ain't nothin', just out here grindin', my nigga you know what it is. What's up nigga what you need?
I need some weed
Aw, man, I don't even fuck with the weed no mo', man
What?
Aw hell naw, but I got this new shit, man, this shit called ecstasy, man
Ecstasy?
What? Nigga, this the shit, man
The fuck?
Nigga, this shit will have you on the level wit' ya female and everythang, nigga, look
Tsk, this nigga trippin'
I'mma give you one of these motherfuckers, let you try this motherfucker out, man
Man, what the fuck is this shit?
And I bet you be callin' me tomorrow talkin' 'bout you wan't some more of this shit, man, I'm tellin you. Shit have you on the level, man, you need to put the weed down, fuck wit' this shit, boy, I'm tellin you, boy
This nigga trippin'
I'm telling ya, this shit'll have you on the level
Fuck it, gimme one of them motherfuckers there, man
Here, take that one and call me in the mornin', nigga

I feel so zigidy, zigidy, zigidy, 'cause I'm floatin' in ecstasy
I feel so zigidy, zigidy, zigidy, 'cause I'm floatin' in ecstasy
I feel so zigidy, zigidy, zigidy, 'cause I'm floatin' in ecstasy
I feel so zigidy, zigidy, zigidy, 'cause I'm floatin' in ecstasy
See Bone Thugs-N-Harmony LiveGet tickets as low as $114You might also like
As you can see, I took the pill, I took the pill, right to the house
Grabbed a shot of liquor, pop, pop, popped it in my mouth
And I'm thinkin' to my self that this might be a waste of my time
'Cause what if I don't even get high?
Thirty minutes done went by, I didn't even seem high
Until I stood up and looked at the ceilin' for some reason
Now I'm home tweakin', then I tried to walk but I was slow
I guess I'm floatin' in ecstasy (just like the nigga told me)

I feel so pillish, pillish, pillish, 'cause we floatin' in ecstasy
I feel so pillish, pillish, pillish, 'cause we floatin' in ecstasy
I feel so pillish, pillish, pillish, 'cause we floatin' in ecstasy
I feel so pillish, pillish, pillish, 'cause we floatin' in ecstasy

My name come alive, be told
And I'm pokin' in somethin', oh, damn, but it ain't no joke
Cut guards and red beans
And for them niggas that follow me around for my mojo
Feelin' so see... 'cause I'm floatin' in ecstasy (Alright)
Ahh, my nigga just call up the homey to hook us up on that liquid G
And if these hoes don't wanna see, they gotta check the spot quickly
I'm feelin' my high, but I'm also feelin' way low
But, damn, I'm stuck in between
Fuckin' with broad boys and never get used by choice
Well, hell, just throw in a few more
Diablos, nigga, Flesh Bone so chill
I'm feelin' it hump through my body, feelin' hot and exotic
Feelin' knocked out, feelin' too sexy for my motherFUCKin' self!
Gotta find my bitch and I'mma fuck her ass to death!
I feel so pillish, pillish, pillish, 'cause we floatin' in ecstasy
I feel so pillish, pillish, pillish, 'cause we floatin' in ecstasy
I feel so pillish, pillish, pillish, 'cause we floatin' in ecstasy
I feel so pillish, pillish, pillish, 'cause we floatin' in ecstasy

Who's my niggas tell me the level?
I started to see the devil, nigga was floatin' in ecstasy
Shit, I took the pill, couldn't feel nothin' so I'm breakin'
But about thirty more minutes later, nigga was on the couch fainted
Arms sweaty, man, why in the fuck y'all let me do this?
I'm lookin' at my homegirl like I want her, nigga, this some new shit
I realized, nigga took one step and started stumblin'
And I was tryin' to call my nigga but he couldn't hear me, so I guess I'm mumblin'
Fall off into somethin', but I guess I'm on a mission
Tellin' my niggas that I love 'em now but it ain't nobody listenin'
Whistlin', hangin' out the window, need me some indo
Till I let go, like, me silky fine-ine, ine
Flown the expo, knock, knock, knock at the door
But nigga was paranoid, so I grabbed my gun and bucked it at the door
Ooh-wee, shit happens, my family got me faded
But I'm runnin' a secret cous', 'cause a nigga can't take it
Shake it if I can but I blend in with the killers
And I wish E was here to feel pillish, pillish, pillish
I feel so violent, violent fuckin' with that ecstasy
Come roll with me
I feel so violent, violent fuckin' with that ecstasy
I feel so violent, violent fuckin' with that ecstasy
Come roll with me
I feel so violent, violent fuckin' with that ecstasy

I've been smokin' weed for a very long time, why should I change?
And plus they say that ecstasy shit fucks up the brain, brain
Ah, why should I? Just to get high? When weed gets me high, when weed gets me high
"Nigga try this here," they said, "better then that there"
They said, "ya like it, ya like it." So I tried it, I tried it
I thought this shit'll have a nigga high and horny
I'm high, but I'm too high, I wanna hurt somebody
Nigga, you trippin', get a hold of that shit, and ride that high
But I'm trippin', body moves, won't nobody get hurt, hurt

Groanin', groanin', and she ain't even in the car
Layzie, hopefully we hide all the LSD
Would ya slow down? We ridin' on the highway
Get the wheel so I can go down on ya, I sever it on my own way
(Ahh) She rich and feelin' so zigidy, zigidy, zigidy
Got these bitches, fuckin' bitches
Baby be peeled off, peelin' on, movin' slow
And Bizzy be rock hard, tongue well and mean slow
We in the club drunk, fucked up, and still rollin'
They know my pockets swollen, hold up, show 'em how we rollin'
We rollin', rollin', rollin' and rollin', rollin', rollin'

I feel so zigidy, zigidy, zigidy and we rollin' on that ecstasy
I feel so zigidy, zigidy, zigidy and we rollin' on that ecstasy
And we rollin' off that ecstasy, and we rollin' off that ecstacy
And we rollin' off that ecstacy, and we rollin' off that ecstacy

Fuck it, gimme a pill nigga