Ladies, if you out there
I just wanna talk to you (yeah)
About all the up and downs, round and rounds
The drama, the trouble that love put us through
(Love will) Now I know some of y'all out there came here with
Your man but, if you've been in love
(Love will) If you've been through what i've been through
Then I've got a question for you

Who would give you the world today?
Who would tell you that everything's okay?
Say all the things that you wanna hear?
Who would take away all of your doubts and fear?
Who would promise you the moon and stars?
Yeah, vow to never, ever break your Heart
Who would tap into your very soul
Then turn right around and be so cold?

Love will, love will, love will, love will
Love will, have you up and down, all around in circles
Love will, (hey love), love will, it will have you
Love will, let you in, turn around, put you down in the cold
You might also like
Listen y'all
Who would say some of the sweetest things?
Have you believing in all your dreams, and he'll open up
Every door, and have you feeling like the world is yours?
Who would give you butterflies, and give you chills from feet to head?
Who would make you feel so alive, then turn right around and kill ya dead?

Love will, love will, love will, I know love will
Love will, have you up and down, all around in circles
Love will, (hey love), love will, said it will have you
Love will, let you in, turn around, put you down in the cold

Love can be good, can be bad, can be dangerous
It can make you happy, make you sad
Be a stranger
Break you all the way down till your sick, if you let it
I'm telling you love will

Love will, Love will, it'll make you do some things
Love will, it'll have you going up and down'
All around and around in circles
Love will, love will, love will
See I'm living witness that it will
Love will, let you in, turn around, put you down in the cold
Listen baby, love will
Love will do these things
End up bringing pain
All love fallen strange
(Love will, have you up and down,  all around in circles)
Watch the sun then comes up bright
Boy, I don't know what I'm
Gonna do with love
Love will, (let you in, turn around put you out in the cold)