Coming out the alleyways of Illtown
Producer extraordinaire Kaygee
Followed by the backbone, VinRock
And the last to fall onto this planet! Me

Fallin' through the Earth with a burst first for ya!
Clappin' ya hands, now we must say errah!
For sure, but I am still thirsty, oh mercy!
It's worse, see, come first, see, oh, curse me! It's Jersey!
Slappin' through the skins, now a trends backin' in
Broader than Broad Street backed by Mac 10's
No lights, skip the cameras, we haul, actionin'
It's Naughty plannin' an orgy, already back again
Kay's trackin' this, so clicks clap to this as we rap to this
Hoochies pop they coochies then slap their hips
Even when in Texas with no gear, troopin'
That's when I find the baddest broads in Houston boostin'
Breakdown, feel the party
Put your hands together everybody
All the ladies in the house, I call the honies first
'Cause it's pure and ya sure ta get your money's worth
So just...

Clap Your Hands This Evening, Come On Y'all, Say It's Alright
Clap Your Hands This Evening, Come On, Say It's Alright
You might also likeTo all my people on the left (Clap To This)
To all my people on the right (Clap To This)
To all my people up top (Clap To This)
And in the front, don't stop (Clap To This)

And to those other MC's:
Naughty By Nature fall? Nigga, please!
We just took the time to form three companies
Now the whole industry awaits the new recital
I'll take your favorite idol, I'll crumple up their title in their face
'Cause I'm fed up with that same ol' crap
Lack of developin' your crew, that's why your stage show's wack!
So let the sleepin' and assumin' and the B.S. stop
Because, Naughty is to live and die for hip-hop
And I'm VinRock! I'm holdin' down the fort around my block
I reign in this game, jackin' other people's props
Many crews only stress me
Petty fools try to test me
Very few impress me, bless me
I sneeze upon the wack
No one but us could do it like that
To me, the rest's considered scrap
Fact: Naughty niggas will never be defeated
Come and try, word to God, word to life, I put that on the double I
Clap Your Hands This Evening, Come On Y'all, Say It's Alright
Clap Your Hands This Evening, Come On, Say It's Alright

Accordin' to the calculation from the slums, it's hittin'!
Hey! Kay makes tracks all funky like raw chitlins
Styles are splittin', think I'm kiddin'? Well, nigga, listen
Clap long and steady 'til your palm's sore or sweaty
Start cuttin' more than petty confetti
Right after I said bye-bye to Ali Ba Ba, the punany papa's machete
Hope ya ready, but if you're not, guard ya knot
Grill, nose opposed to blows, that's all the same spot
Still chill, I rock real and raw like a brawl's a small fight
Shorty takin' tall mics, so practice sayin' alright (Aight!!)
The party tight, pass the ball
All in the back, head towards the front 'cause the wall won't fall
I might make moves in motion, start a crammed commotion
Make kitties and titties in the city flow like lotion
Remember, freestyles were freebies
Systems still sound like CB's, l eat tracks, leave 'em wheatie
I'm greedy, can't see me wit' bi-foc's
I fry them fly folks with high hopes
Watch my smoke, now I choke
Sly stroke get by? Nope
Now negro, you were dead-ass wrong
Head too strong, now here's your zero
We can get deep like way down
Hi lobsters, seaweed, sand, sunk ships and missin' mobsters
Hip-hoppers know hard, guess who's back again
That Naughty click clan to make you clap your hands!
Clap Your Hands This Evening, Come On Y'all, Say It's Alright
Clap Your Hands This Evening, Come On, Say It's Alright
To all my people on the left (Clap To This)
To all my people on the right (Clap To This)
To all my people up top (Clap To This)