As far as days, it's a sunny one
Hear the money comes
If it's a fiend I've never seen
Then they're bound to catch a funny one
Hear the kitty come-come wanting me to run-run
Since I think he 5-0 I sold him a dum-dum
I know one day somehow I gotta stop at some point
But I'd rather clock ya, rob ya ass at gunpoint
I run the streets like feet on the concrete
We roll deep, so don't sleep on my peeps!
You would think that's the only thing to stop me
But this Glock is crazy cocky plus I'm dead already probably
This is what niggas in the hood see
The way the bad and good be
Bad is getting paid so bad they would be
Uh-oh, uh-oh, here comes the news flash from LA
Four crooked cops just walked away
So there's been rioting all day
The only thing that made my day a little better
I saw red and blue uniting forever
Crips and bloods fighting together
Back on the block it's the same damn strip
The same damn clip, the same damn shit!
You really can't expect a lot
When the kid's juvenile and stay locked
And his pops is the block!
You might also like
"Niggas in the hood ain't changed"
Aww shit! Goddamn!
"Only the streets tell stories"
"Niggas in the hood ain't changed"
Aww shit! Goddamn!
"Only the streets tell stories"

My daddy was a street corner, a goner
Before I popped out my momma and saw him
He was long gone for the border
So I grew up doing more dirt than dust
Hitting skirts, get in scuffs
Just to knuckle motherfuckers up
Fuck around on a bad day
And he'll watch out to make these street niggas
Start coming through the alleyway
And when we come, we come correct and it's done
It ain't where you from, it's how hard your squad come
This nigga's scared! Nigga, stop, he's a rookie cop
Who couldn't bust a glass rock, fool, switch your stash spot
And everything'll be alright
I guess unless I park and start Platoon in the projects
It's my honey's night, get my money right
Or your funny face will be beating up my fist, fuck a funny fight
Who's to blame when you're slain for a name
Or a spot and go home to see pops is the fucking block?
"Niggas in the hood ain't changed"
Aww shit! Goddamn!
"Only the streets tell stories"
"Niggas in the hood ain't changed"
Aww shit! Goddamn!
"Only the streets tell stories"

Some kids come home to cartoons on cable
To new clothes with labels
I came home to corners, did homework when able
I clocked it, re-rocked it, dipped it then flipped it
Re-upped it then cut it, held and hold it, then sold it
I'm wit it! Didn't hit the house til I was finished
When it comes to dough niggas are in it to spend it
Save and protect, get a safe and a tec
Don't be brave, get a vest, it might save you your chest
And if cops ever come to weld me down
All I say is: "Feet, don't fail me now!"
My town didn't have a rec., yup, I was a little wreck
Didn't have a place to play
So like most kids, us niggas went astray
A daddy, never got to meet mine
So on Father's Day I take a rag and I shine up the street sign
Drop me on the spot, spot me when I stop
Any time of day, if you'd ask me
Have to tell you poppa was the block
Money's coming rolling hard, clocking, rolling hard
Breaking dawn on the lawns
Watch, I'm flowing through the stolen car
Every job I get dropped, hope I hit the lotto so I can stop
Peace to the block, my pops
"Niggas in the hood ain't changed"
"Only the streets tell stories"
"Niggas in the hood ain't changed"