Nurse Johnson, is the mother still in the recovery room?
Yes, Dr. Blair
Okay, I'll go to the waiting room and inform the father it's a boy
I'm afraid there is no father, sir
Another ghetto bastard, huh?
I'm afraid so
Well, put him with the rest of the born losers
Alright, doctor, a shame, isn't it?
Not a shame, a problem (Dr. Blair, Dr. Blair, Dr. J. Hamilton, Dr. J. Hamilton)

Smooth it out (Alright)
This is a story about the drifter
Who waited for the worst, 'cause the best lived 'cross town
Who never planned on having, so didn't
Why me, huh?

Everything's gonna be alright (Alright)
Everything's gonna be alright (Alright)
Everything's gonna be alright now (Alright)
Everything's gonna be alright (Alright)

Some get a little and some get none
Some catch a bad one and some leave the job half-done
I was one who never had and always mad
Never knew my dad, motherfuck the fag
Well, anyway, I did pickups, lift-and-click-ups
Seen many stick-ups, 'cause niggas had the trigger hiccups
I couldn't get a job, nappy hair was not allowed
My mother couldn't afford us all, she had to throw me out
I walked the strip with just a clip, who want a hit?
They got 'em quick, I had to eat, this money's good as spent
I threw in braids, I wasn't paid enough
I kept 'em long 'cause I couldn't afford a haircut
I got laughed at, I got jumped, I got dissed
I got upset, I got a TEC and a banana clip
Was down to throw the lead to any telling tackhead
I still'd been broke, so a lot of good it woulda did
Or done, if not for bad luck, I would have none
Why did I have to live the life of such a bad one?
Why when I was a kid and played, I was a sad one?
And always wanted to live like this or that one
You might also like
Everything's gonna be alright (Alright)
Everything's gonna be alright (Alright)
Everything's gonna be alright now (Alright)
Everything's gonna be alright (Alright)

A ghetto bastard, born next to the projects
Living in the slums with bums, I said, "Now why, Treach
Do I have to be like this?" Mama said I'm priceless
So why am I worthless? Starving is just what being nice get
Sometimes I wish I could afford a pistol then, though
To stop the hell, I would've ended things a while ago
I ain't have jack but a black hat and knapsack
War scars, stolen cars, and a blackjack (Alright)
Drop that, and now you want me to rap and give?
Say something positive? Well, positive ain't where I live
I live right around the corner from West Hell
Two blocks from South Shit and once in a jail cell
The sun never shone on my side of the street, see
And only once or twice a week, I would speak
I walked alone, my state of mind was home sweet home
I couldn't keep a girl, they wanted kids with cars of chrome
Some life, if you ain't wear gold, your style was old
And you got more juice than dough for every bottle sold
Hell no, I say there's gotta be a better way
But hey, never gamble in a game that you can't play
I'm slowin' and flowin' and goin', knowin' no one and not now
How will I do it? How will I make it? I won't, that's how
Why me, huh?
Everything's gonna be alright (Alright)
Everything's gonna be alright (Alright)
Everything's gonna be alright now (Alright)
Everything's gonna be alright (Alright)

My third year into adulthood and still a knucklehead
I'm better off dead, huh, that's what my neighbor said
I don't do jack but fightin', lightin' up the street at night
Playing hide-and-seek with a machete, sexing Freddy's wife (Alright)
Some say I'm rolling on, nothing but a dog now
I answer that with a "Fuck you," and a bow-wow
'Cause I done been through more shit within the last week
Than a fly flowing in doo-doo on the concrete
I been a deadbeat, dead to the world and dead wrong
Since I was born, that's my life, oh, you don't know this song?
So don't say jack, and please don't say you understand
All that man-to-man talk can walk, damn
If you ain't live it, you couldn't feel it, so kill it, skillet
And all that talk about it won't help it out, now will it?
In Illtown, pure luck got stuck-up, props got shot
Don't worry got hit by a flurry and his punk ass dropped
But I'm the one who has been labeled as an outcast
They teach in schools I'm the misfit y'all will outlast
But that's cool with the fool, smack 'em backwards
That's what you get for fuckin' with a ghetto bastard
If you ain't ever been to the ghetto
Don't ever come to the ghetto
'Cause you wouldn't understand the ghetto
And stay the fuck out of the ghetto (Alright)
Why me? (Alright)
Why me?
(Alright)
(Alright)