Yo, Vin, man, pour me some of that forty
I ain't drinkin' after you, man, you ain't brush your teeth yet
Yeah right, man, get up outta here, man
Chill, Kay, you get that shit (Get the phone, man)
Yo, man, get dressed, Vin
Shakim gon' be buggin' if we late to this office, man
What, Joey office?
Aw, man
Listen, man, always bringin' that jerk
Aww, a new day (Ooh)
The wrong choice of words, sweeter than a Sugar Hill (Ouch)
Now that word hurts, well, bon ami
That means good friends in French
What, you want some French?
Well, motherfuck that bitch
Yo, Vin
Get dressed, walkin' 'round, them lil'-ass briefs
Fuck you
Tight-ass punk panties

Aw, yeah
Naughty By Nature in the house, stompin' (Word 'em up)
You got James over here standin' to the right
You got Mook Daddy right here in the middle
Y'all got the baby-faced one, little G in the house
Yeah, this is Vin Rock in the place
Kay Gee layin back with his feet up
Yeah
Yo, Kay, it's been a long and tedious road, man
Takin' care of all this record business, yo
Word 'em up, a lot of sleepin'
A whole bunch of sleepin', yo, by the way
We got some Naughty By Nature pajamas and pillows comin' out
For everybody who slept around the way on the projects
You know what I'm sayin', V? Word 'em up
Wake they motherfuckin' ass on up
Word 'em up, word up
Know what I'm sayin', Mark?
45 King
You might also like
I got more damn time than I got money, honey
So if you're a gold digger, nigga, please, that joke was funny
And for that diss comin' from you in particular, shoot
You better kill it for a scab that isn't nowhere as near as cute
You say I dissed you hard after I did you fine
It ain't my fault, it's just your face looks mighty different in the daytime
See, I'm the type to meet a girl and call her bluff
And say, "I'll keep you if you're sweeter than my other stuff"
Not like a pimp or like a pope, 'cause I know hoes too well
They'll watch a clock, then rock and do your crew while you're in jail
Well, I'm a little bit or should I say a lot past that
So take your sad Kibbles 'N Bits rap to some other cat
Give me this and give me that, I give that ass a smack
You wanna get a richer life, you better get a mack
So he can work you like the trick you really are, you stunt
I'm hittin' the backdoor when I come, 'cause you're a fuckin' front
You disappointed me, I had many plans in store
I didn't know that I was in for a project whore or
A money-grabbin' dragon with no future plans
To get a newer coat or car, you need a newer man
'Cause I ain't livin' to be givin' out what I done saved
You wanna live in a condo? Better find a cave
If we went half on the rent or if you had a job
Then I could think about it before I say, "Oh, naw"
"Hell no," is all I think about when I see you
Damn real is how I feel when I be comin' through
"With what?" is what you ask, I come through in the end
How's that? 'Cause when I drop one, I call her friends
Bravo, damn real, her yes is what comes next
You gotta get up mighty early to twirl a Treach
I diss you, you'll be strugglin', and you say, "I want you, sir"
If you front, if you stunt, huh, I might want her
Word 'em up
Damn, he just ripped that shit

(Ooh, can I get?) Hold your breath
(Will you buy?) Not the Treach
(I want those) Never that
(Give me this) Put it back
(But you smooth) Very nice
(Ain't it dap?) Not the price
(Check the shoes) So there's two
(They're on sale) So are you
Yes indeedy, I get greedy when it comes to dough
'Cause then I'm needy with the heebie-jeebies when I'm broke
And not a soul don't wanna roll a brother any loan
So I just try a nine-to-nine over time alone
Yeah, I spend in twos and fews, baby, you won't last
You'll be runnin' so fast, your feet'll be kickin' your own ass
You ever ride in somethin' makes you just say "Hmm?"
'Cause she drivin his car more than he does, any room?
You call me Jew like it is true, I say, "Now, hey, hey there"
Call us some Black shit, pop and click, I say you're halfway there
If you want a movie or dinner, I say, "Oh, here"
You want a trip or a cruise, "You bitch," I mean, "No, dear"
You'll be alright, though, you'll find the right bro
He'll have the right ho, then y'all'll go broke
But anyway, for any day, I'm dissin' any trick
That's tryna flick my Bic, 'cause I ain't havin' it
Goddamn, Treach ripped that shit
I hear you, Treach, 'cause yo
We gon' take care of straight up business this time around
It ain't no playin', no playin'
Buckle up, guard your grill
What you got to say to all them people that slept on Naughty By Nature? (Aw, yeah)
Well, we gonna wake 'em up this time around, you know what I'm sayin', Rasheed?
But yo, let's give crazy shouts to my man Slick Tough, he's in the house, you know what I'm sayin'?
Mook Daddy wanna say what's up to my man from Skills in Rally Park
Ballin' up the Street Posse (Skills)
My man Mack Daddy for leakin' the 15th Street Posse is in the house, you know what I'm sayin'?
I gotta give a crazy shout to my little sister Angie, she's in the house
DeDe, Mark, Kianna, Top Dezu, Yaya, Giv, and the whole 18th Street Posse
We in effect, Ski, you know what I'm sayin'? (Brother Ski, brother Ski, brother Ski)
But yo, I gotta give another shoutout to the boys from the block
My man Hamdu, Kaka, Mufi, Howie, Chill, Mad Truth, Kooky, Lil Ski
And everybody from the block, you know what I'm sayin'? Todd, yo
We coolin' (Mook Daddy's in the house)
Kini, Key Will (Stop it)
Yeah, niggas can't understand it (That's right)