Aaah, aaah
Aaah, aaah
Dune, eyes in the mirror
Dune, through dirty windows
Dune, have we been here before?
The 
Dune, everybody's , breaking rules
I don't mean to be the thing you don't want me to be
In the car, in the morning
It's the only time
Dune, just a face, a reflection, in a pocket mirror
Dune, can you feel it?
What you watching? Sunlight on the street, makes everybody smile, to the dirty dishes
Your favourite songs comes on the radio in the shower
You dance, where no-one can see you
And you wish they could
See you happy
Dune, hold it together
Dune, feed the light side
Let some air in, up to the knee, where the traffic isn't so bad this morning
They're digging up the road, building houses
Not roads to join them together
Dune, where you going?
Eyes in the mirror
You might also like
A man puts his hand behind his head, leans back, brooding
A woman remembers the name, face, taste and all the details
It's been a long time
The last of the old crowd
Oh yeah thanks just a dash, three wheels and a star
Plenty of time to dance, a rude one
It's so cold it's fabulous, see you later, have a nice day
What would you like, to do?
Where are you going, for now?
How long are you down for?
Will you come back?
Big man, so much has changed, you'll be alright
On the other side
National treasure, keep it polished, skinny face, cross-legged
What's the news?
Switch off the head, big broom
There's a dirty place outside to smoke and freeze
The girls stay inside and drink
Nodding their heads in time with the music
I've seen how tough he really is
The kid on the guitar turns off the fuzz and fakes a freak rosy radiant glow
What a man
Sense the power, crackling noise, electricity, a big lamp sat outside humming, descriptions, watches, reflections, taps with fingers, rhythms, sending messages
I'm okay
, "You have no messages."
Staring at the stars like the gone boy, moaning like a, dartboard
Walls of silver tassels
Whistle mouthed women
Leaning back into imaginary wings
Curved with unloved groove
I'm leaning on a sticker, full of orange fizz
One, two, one two three four
Haircut, like a fish
Smelling sweet
I want it, as realistic or fantastic as you like
She's a goddess, in a short stay carpark, at the supermarket
Sending messages