I had a good job, sho'nuff, for five long years
Lord have mercy
The old landlady was so lovey-dovey for five long years
She was so nice and kind in every way
Every Friday evening, I'd come home with my paycheck
She'll smile, she was so lovey-dovey
My meals on time, my bath water be ready
Everything be ready
He rocked on
One Friday evening I come home
I said, "Landlady"
She said, "What, Johnny?"
"I done lost my job"
She said, "What?"
"I done lost my job"
And I begin to notice then, when I come home in the evening time
She wouldn't smile, acted all sad
And I asked her, "What's wrong?"
Said, "I ain't feelin' good"
I said, "Lord have mercy"
He rocked on
One Friday evening, I come in
She said, "Where you been?" "I've been looking for a job"
She said, "You ain't been tryin' to find no job"
I said, "Yes, I am"
And she told me, the other evening, she passed by
She saw me on the corner leaned against a post
I said, "I guess my feet was tired, I've been walking all day"
I'm tired, I just can't find no job
She say, "Yeah"
She say, "I wants my rent"
I said, "I ain't got no job"
And rocked on
I go towards the streets, to a friend of mine
He had been so lovey-dovey to me for so long
And I told him, I say, "Hey"
He said, "What, Johnny?"
"I done lost my job"
He say, "Yeah"
I say, "I'm gonna stay here for a little while until I can get a job"
He said, "I don't know, let me go upstairs and see my wife, you know"
He goes upstairs, he comes back down
He said, "You know what? You know, she a little funny"
I said, "Yeah, and you funny, too; everybody's funny
When you ain't got no money, when you run out of money
Everybody's funny wit' ya"
Then I go back towards the streets, you know, back to old landlady
I go fool her, you know, to get my clothes out the house
I said, "Hey"
She said, "What?"
"I got a job"
She said, "Yeah, yeah, sho'nuff, sho'nuff, yeah. When you start the work?"
I said, "Oh baby, I start tomorrow"
She said, "Oh yeah? You hungry?"
I said, "Yeah"
She goes to the store, you know
I rush upstairs to get my clothes out, she talkin' 'bout the front rent
She'll get nothin', she'll get the back rent and will get none of it