I dream I never know anyone at the party and I'm always the host
If dreams are like movies
Then memories are films about ghosts
You can never escape
You can only move south down the coast
Well, I am an idiot
Walking a tightrope of fortune and fame
I am an acrobat swinging trapezes through circles of flame
If you've never stared off into the distance
Then your life is a shame
And though I'll never forget your face
Sometimes I can't remember my name
Hey, Mrs. Potter, don't cry
Hey, Mrs. Potter, I know why
But, hey, Mrs. Potter, won't you talk to me?
Well, there's a piece of Maria in every song that I sing
And the price of a memory is the memory of the sorrow it brings
And there is always one last light to turn out
And one last bell to ring
And the last one out of the circus has to lock up everything
Or the elephants will get out
And forget to remember what you said
And the ghosts of the tilt-o-whirl will linger inside of your head
And the Ferris wheel junkies will spin there forever instead
When I see you
A blanket of stars covers me in my bed
See Counting Crows LiveGet tickets as low as $58You might also likeHey Mrs. Potter don't go
Hey Mrs. Potter I don't know but
Hey Mrs. Potter won't you talk to me
All the blue light reflections that color my mind when I sleep
And the lovesick rejections that accompany the company I keep
All the razor perceptions that cut just a little too deep
Hey, I can bleed as well as anyone
But I need someone to help me sleep
So I throw my hand into the air and it swims in the beams
It's just a brief interruption of the swirling dust sparkle jet stream
Well, I know I don't know you
And you're probably not what you seem
But I'd sure like to find out
So why don't you climb down off that movie screen?
Hey, Mrs. Potter, don't turn
Hey, Mrs. Potter, I burn for you
Hey, Mrs. Potter, won't you talk to me?
When the last king of Hollywood shatters his glass on the floor
And orders another
Well, I wonder what he did that for?
That's when I know that I have to get out
Because I have been there before
So I gave up my seat at the bar and I head for the door
We drove out to the desert
Just to lie down beneath this bowl of stars
We stand up in the Palace
Like it's the last of the great Pioneertown bars
We shout out these songs against the clang of electric guitars
Well, you can see a million miles tonight
But you can't get very far
Oh, you can see a million miles tonight
But you can't get very far
Hey, Mrs. Potter, I won't touch and
Hey, Mrs. Potter, it's not much but
Hey, Mrs. Potter, won't you talk to me?
Hey, Mrs. Potter, won't you talk to me?