I was checking this guy out next door
When his parents went out
I phoned, said, "Hey boy, come on right around."
So he knocked at the door
I was standing with a bottle of red wine, ready to pour
Dressed in long black satin and lace to the floor
So he went in, then we sat down start kissing, caressing
Told me about jacuzzi, sounded interesting
So we jumped right in
All calls diverted to answer phone
Please leave a message after the tone

I mean, me and his parents were kinda cool
But they ran a fine line between me and you
We were just doing things young people in love do
Parents trying to find out what we were up to

Saying, "Why were you creeping 'round late last night?
Why did I see two shadows moving in your bedroom light?
Now you're dressed in black, when I left you were dressed in white
Can you fill me in? Can you feel me in?"

Can you fill me in? Can you fill me in?
You might also like
Whenever the coast was clear and she'd ask me to come out
I'd say, "Hey girl, come on right around"
So she knocked at the door
I was standing with the keys in my hand to the 4x4
Jumped in my ride, checking and nobody saw
The club we went in, we got down
Bounced, bounced to the rhythm
Saw it was early morning, thought we'd better be leaving
So I gave you my jacket for you to hold
Told you to wear it cause you felt cold

I mean, me and her didn't mean to break the rules
I weren't trying to play your mom and dad for fools
We were just doing things young people in love do
Parents trying to find out what we were up to

Saying, "Why can't you keep your promises no more?
Say you'll be home by 12, come strolling in at 4
Out with the girls, but leaving with the boy next door
Can you fill me in? Can you feel me in?"

Can you fill me in? Can you fill me in?
All they seem to do is be checking up on you, baby
Baby
Watching our every move
Think some day they might approve, baby
Baby

Saying, "Why were you creeping around late last night?
Why did I see two shadows moving in your bedroom light?
Now you're dressed in black, when I left you were dressed in white
Can you fill me in? Can you feel me in?"

"Calls diverted to answer phone
Red wine bottle, half the contents gone
Midnight returned, Jacuzzi turned on
Can you fill me in? Can you fill me in?"

Can you fill me in? Yeah
Oh, can you fill me in?
Can you fill me in? Yeah