REMIX!
Come in and I landed
With Nelly Furtado...
Come in and I landed
What you gotta say, oh

She's a freak, and I'm a chief head banger
With the top down low on the flow 'cause you're so fresh (fresh!)
Like b-boys with vests, like runners carve chests
Haha, haha
I run like the breeze to catch this life
But sometimes get a need 'til I bleed!
There's truth, I go; there's a rhyme, I will tell it; a story, I'll defend it
Missy come in and I landed!
Hell, where did she come from? This international goddess sun
So get your hands up like this hun, until the party's just begun
So come over to my house and that's where this song's from
A less for the laugh from West Coast breeze Portuguese diva!
And Missy is the woman who always be cookin'
Say something for Neltado who come dip her vibin'
From DC to T.Dot and all around the world, come
Giddy up, giddy up, back, back up to my girl!

Go, get your freak on, go, get your freak on (Get, get, get, get)
Go, get your freak on, go, get your freak on (Rrr g-get, get, get)
Go, get your freak on, go, get your freak on (Get, get, get, g-get)
Go, getcha getcha getcha getcha getcha freak on (G-get your freak on)
See Missy Elliott LiveGet tickets as low as $35You might also like
Who's that bitch?
Meep meep! (Oh...)
Nelly, Nelly, Nelly Furtado all in your stereo
I'm pumping louder, please don't tell me you don't like the flow
You cry to me to put this down, so let me step it, yo (Yo!)
It's a original flow, people better lay low
Stick you up like velcro, 'cause me and Nelly say so
I'm doin' how we do, some strange loose in your crew
Because my fire springs your head round, right Missy, Missy!

Go, get your freak on, go, get your freak on (Get, get, get, get)
Go, get your freak on, go, get your freak on (Rrr g-get, get, get)
Go, get your freak on, go, get your freak on (Get, get, get, g-get)
Go, getcha getcha getcha getcha getcha freak on (G-get your freak on)
Go, get your freak on, go, get your freak on (Get)
Go, get your freak on, go, get your freak on (Get)
Go, get your freak on, go, get your freak on (Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah)
Go, getcha getcha getcha getcha getcha freak on

They wan' dance
Everybody getting freak-deaky, wan' dance
Grab your partners, tear 'em by the ass and wan' dance
Wine your body swiftly to the beat, dem wan' dance!
Dem wan' dance, dem wan' dance!
Everybody crank in the club - dem wan' dance
Everybody hot and on the block - dem wan' dance
Everybody gettin freak-deaky wan' dance, dem wan' dance, uh
Yeah

Go, get your freak on, go, get your freak on (Get, get, get, get)
Go, get your freak on, go, get your freak on (Rrr g-get, get, get)
Go, get your freak on, go, get your freak on (Get, get, get, g-get)
Go, getcha getcha getcha getcha getcha freak on (G-get your freak on)

REMIX!
With Nelly Furtado...
Get your freak on
Ne-Ne-Nelly Furtado, hehehe
Get your, get your (A'ight)
Get your, get-get, g-get, get yo-our (Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh)
Some new shit