They trooped into the room in Lagos where you lived with unpainted walls because there weren't enough chairs to go round , to say goodbye in loud voices and tell you with lowered voices what they wanted you to send them. In comparison to the big car and house (and possibly gun), the things they wanted were minor - handbags and shoes and perfumes and clothes. You said okay no problem.
Your uncle in America, who had put in the names of all your family members for the Americans visa lottery, said you could live with him until you got on your feet. He picked you up at the airport and bought you a big hot dog with yellow mustard that nauseated you. Introduction to America, he said with a laugh. He lived in a small white town in Maine, in a thirty-year-old house by a lake."- That thing around your Neck (Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie).
As a Nigerian and as well a member of the tribe (The Igbo tribe) the writer hails from I understand the context of her writing in her books about living as a foreigner in a foreign country. In this part of the book-The thing around your neck Chimamanda writes about a Nigerian NAMED Akunna who won the US Visa lottery to go live in abroad with Uncle who eventually abused her. The American Visa Lottery is a lottery given to foreign nationals who will be given the opportunity to immigrate to The United States and as well be given a green card to start a new life.
She also talks about the stereotypical thoughts foreign individuals have for the Gun Laws in the US. They usually think almost or every American has a gun which is not actually true.  I can understand why those stereotypes come about because of the news about various shootings happening around the country due to the possession of guns by civilians back home in Nigeria only the military have  possession of guns and the minority such as the police.

"Many at the restaurant asked when you had come from Jamaica, because they thought that every black person with a foreign accent was Jamaican. Or some who guessed that you were African told you that you loved elephants " -
There are a lot of stereotypes when it comes to Africans and I can completely understand it in this context she says most Americans assume your Jamaican once your black and have an accent and this also happened to me some time ago in Drexel.