Whoop, woo!
Y'all already know who I am? Right?
Mustard on the beat, ho
Let's go

Hunnid bands (Oh, woo), hunnid bands (Oh, woo)
Hunnid bands (Oh), hunnid bands (Oh, hunnid bands)
10 bands (Oh, 10 bands) in the right hand (Oh, right)
10 bands (Oh, hey) in my left hand (Oh, let's go, yeah)

Make her best friend (Woo) be her hype man (Hype man)
You keep going big (Woo) she wanna fight, damn (Going big)
Bad bitches in my city catching flights, damn (Bad)
Popping big bands when they hit the lights, damn (Cash)
I pull down on your city
In your city, they fuck with me (City)
And these bitches fucking with me
'Cause I represent my city (Fuck with me)
In the kitchen, you can witness
All this cash that we gettin' (Whoop)
If you started, we gon' finish
Whole gang with the bidness (Here we go, bidness, bow)
You might also like
Hunnid bands (Oh, woo), hunnid bands (Oh, woo)
Hunnid bands (Oh), hunnid bands (Oh, hunnid bands)
10 bands (Oh, 10 bands) in the right hand (Oh, right)
10 bands (Oh, hey) in my left hand (Oh, here we go)

What's a hunnid racks? I throw it real quick (Straight up)
Thought it was a limp, this way this stripper do a split (Split)
One nine four two, get the bad bitches lit (On God)
New Chanel purse, every time she throw a fit (Straight up)
Drop it to the floor, make your knees touch your toes (21!)
I'm on group facetime, me and all my hoes (On God)
You can send me nudes, on my mom I won't expose (Straight up)
Halfback sweep, I'ma pass her to my bros (Sweet)
Fake kick, I'ma let my brother catch the two-point
Bitches like singles, Savage always got a new joint
Thought he was a gangster, but he snitching yeah, oink, oink
Work too hard bitch, you can't get a coin, coin (21!)

Hunnid bands (Woo, 21!), hunnid bands (Woo, 21!)
Hunnid bands, hunnid bands (Straight up, hunnid bands)
10 bands (Straight up, 10 bands) in the right hand (Right, 4Hunnid!)
10 bands (Hey) in my left hand (On god)
Santa Claus bag, ho sit up on you (Ho sit)
Suge Knight bag, had the shooters get up on you (Flip)
You see the red Lamborghini as I hit the corner (As I hit the corner)
YG got his shit together, he a business owner (Oh, oh)
Popping tags, shopping bags, nigga I gotta brag (Gotta brag)
The YSL don't fit, I ain't even take it back (Fuck that shit)
Ella Mai trippin', we do a lot of that (A lot of that)
But it ain't ever 'bout a bitch, we trip to Cabo, Jack (Skrrt, ayy)
Big bands on me, drumline (Big bands)
I just let the money talk, don't need no punchline
I like the sunshine so I said, "Fuck the rules" (What is that?)
If you 'bout a bag, holla, "Suu whoop" (Let's go!)

Hunnid bands (Oh, woo), hunnid bands (Oh, woo)
Hunnid bands (Oh), hunnid bands (Oh, hunnid bands)
10 bands (Oh, 10 bands) in the right hand (Oh, right)
10 bands (Oh, hey) in my left hand (Oh, Yeah, yeah)

More money (More money), more bitches (More bitches)
More milli's (More milli's), more riches (Yeah)
Uno, dos, tres, cuatro, I got four bitches
And they squatting on that dick like they doin' fitness
Said he looking for me, came through in the drop top (Skrrt)
Spent a corner in the dorm, while the opps watch (Let's get it)
I'm too rich to go through somethin' about a thot, thot (Huh)
Feds grabbed you, you back home, oh you a cop, cop (Huh)
This shit serious (This shit serious)
Bad bitch gon' give me brain, she on her period (She on her period)
In the trenches of Dubai, they don't know where he is (Where ya at?)
Is that a bird? No, that's a jet, yeah, there he is (Gang)
Hunnid bands (Oh, Gat), hunnid bands (Oh, Gat)
Hunnid bands (Oh, Gat), hunnid bands (Oh, hunnid bands, woah)
10 bands (Oh, let's get it) in the right hand (Oh, right, woah)