You what these people keep telling me?
What do they tell you dog?
The say you're a crazy nut, (word) here you are and you're trying to be rich in America
You crazy man, (ahh man) look at the people out there, they're smarter than you are and they're not even rich, who are you to try?
Been taking notes on the way to people getting rich, check list this see which is the best fit, utilize your tools implement a strategy, motivate your clientele with simple sense of batteries. I never had to be a tad bit Pavlov Ian, but amongst the tadpoles, frogs and draconian, when your only friend forced like obewon, and you holding palms out flat like you know me son, but it's not that way it's the other one, where you getting popped in the faced like bubbleyum, when it comes to handing checks out, I'd rather be a X-File, than manufacturing textiles. Need that next style or feeling stressed out you could find the solution sitting in the next aisle, and while you're there you should spend, spend, spend maybe sin, sin, sin that's a book I never read like rin tin, tin so I waiting on the mathematics, the way some of you lie is straight acrobatics and the fact of the matter of the fact is you could fill in the blanks with truth like mad-libs. This is the snaps inch and if you asks me, realities a floor model. You take it as is, but that's me and here 2, 4. I ain't made a lot of cash so what the dub do I know? Pointing out a pie chart like shut your pie hole. You don't see double unless he's touching filo. Making Baklava with stocks he got now I gotta watch for the first cold press like how about I use some of that oil to slick my hair back, slide door to door selling dreams as bare facts
What's the basis, the shortest distance between two points is by stepping on faces. A simple dance two step over do-se-do, next thing you know your synergizing backwards overflow, and that all happens right here in the naked city, now go ahead and grab yours paste these come on shake em
And you know what I keep telling these people every time I say you're a loser get out of my way, I make it somehow, you know that's what I think you should say to anyone whose trying to hold you back in life
Certain in his ways, stubborn than stalk couldn't get him to budge for like a million bucks but money talks and we all listen, the finer things in life you've been missing, offshore account, bowtie and tux, you wife is classy fly, your mistress is dipped cuz you buy her stuff. You little round glasses: Scrooge McDuck. Ascot, sometimes a top hat, walking a dog the size of a rat, your black ties, shaking hands with rich guys, laughing it up, passin' the buck, yo making bacon is painstaking work, raking in the dough boy, staking the perks, pent house suites, luxury seats, room with the view eating delicious treats, no fat pockets, just black cards, shooting for the starts, rocket tin cars, James bond without the danger, just like the new Bill Gates, helping strangers. They used to say more money more problems, Christmas in Aspen, awesome private island. While I'm in my yacht off the plank. White pants, tennis with Carton Banks. Ducks in a row can't stop the flow, living fast eating escargot. You're popping bubbly in my gold plated tub, upper class citizen smoking "rosebud". Your hungry eyes shaped like dollar signs. Your diamond rings, white collar crimes. In tough times, it ain't about luck, you ain't $$$$ without a million bucks. Reading dianetics, cryogenics chilling like Disney. Cabbage, lettuce. Mile high business class, got written a million to one catch the excitement
Catch it, Catch it