I just came to get down, down

 Hey Kayo remember the first time we met?
 Yeah I remember that man
 Yeah man we were in the club and I don't think you were old enough to get in yet
 What are you talking 'bout?
 Oh yeah show me ID really quick
 You got two kids what were you even doing in the club?

 See I'm from the new school
 Me I'm from the old shcool
Started on a 4-track
 Started with pro tools
 Born in the 70's raised in the 80's
You might also like Pull your pants up, Class',
 Nah I like 'em baggy, your jeans are too tight son
 Yeah okay dad, whatever
You say what you want but my style's much better
Snapbacks and fitteds
 Scratch that I did it
You act like its vintage, but I actually lived it
 I was raised in the 90's born in '88
My intro to rap was a Slim Shady tape
 Are you kidding me?
 Nah man it made my battles
 Me, I'm from the days of Juice and Supernaturals
What you know about that?
 Not a damn thing
And I never needed to
 That's a grown man thing
 You living in the past
 Kayo!
 Class!
 Phil!
 Luke!
 Don't be blind to the fact
Stop trying to sing every hook on every track
 What? you want me to go and get a DJ to scratch?
 We come from different places on the map
And somehow we make it work just like that



 Remember the first time we were in the studio and we tried to sample that Beatnuts record?
 I knew who the Beatnuts were! Enough of that "back in my day" talk you sound like a senile old man
 Yo when I was listening to Snoop Dogg's Doggy Style you were still watching Sesame Street
 Whatever man

 We used to put our songs on wax and blast 'em for a year
Now they on a blog for a day and disappear
 Yeah, but back then a record label did it all for you
Pro would've picked your clothes at the mall for you
Nowadays we just gotta work more
Open our own doors, and booking our own tours
 And how you think you learned that, huh?
 Whatchu tryna say?
 That your generation benefited from our mistakes
We had to go through the trial and errors
And build a culture for the world to hear ya
You tryna talk, but you can compare us
 We just gotta accept we from different eras
We care less, careless kids who just get it
No more dreams we just live
 Who's fucking with Gretzky, Jordan, or Hulk Hogan?
 Crosby, Lebron, or the Rock, old man
 Swag, swag, what would you do without the internet though?
 Try and understand even for a little bit grow
 We come from different places on the map
But somehow we make it work just like that


 Man I don't even know why you argue. You came up on dudes like MC Hammer
 What are you talking about? You Flo Rida right now
 You from Enfield, what could you possibly know about hip hop?
 Enfield. Man you're talking about Enfield, and you're from St. Lucia?