Froggie went a-courtin' and he did ride, Uh-huh
Froggie went a-courtin' and he did ride
A sword and a pistol by his side, Uh-huh
He rode right up to Miss Mousie's door, Uh-huh: "Let me in!"
He rode right up to Miss Mousie's door, Uh-huh
He rode right up to Miss Mousie's door
And he hit it so hard that he made it roar, Uh-huh
Then Miss Mouse then let him in, Uh-huh: "Come in Mr. Froggie"
Then Miss Mouse then let him in, Uh-huh
Then Miss Mouse then let him in
And away they courted, it was a sin, Uh-huh
He took Miss Mousie right on his knee, Uh-huh
Took Miss Mousie right on his knee, Uh-huh
Took Miss Mousie right on his knee
And he says, Miss Mousie, will you marry me?" Uh-huh
Miss Mousie says, "I don't know about that," Uh-huh
Miss Mousie says, "I don't know about that," Uh-huh
Miss Mousie says, "I don't know about that
"But I b'lieve to my soul, you'll have to ask uncle Rat"
The old Rat laughed as he give away the bride, Uh-huh: Huhuh
The old Rat laughed as he give away the bride, Uh-huh
The old Rat laughed as he give away the bride
He laughed and he laughed and he shook his fat sides: Huhuh
You might also likeWhere will the wedding supper be? Uh-huh
Where will the wedding supper be? Uh-huh
Where will the wedding supper be?
"A-way down yonder in the hollow tree Uh-huh
What did he get for the wedding gown? Uh-huh
What did he get for the wedding gown? Uh-huh
What did he get for the wedding gown?
A piece of hide of an old white hound
What will the wedding supper be? Uh-huh
What will the wedding supper be? Uh-huh
What will the wedding supper be? Uh-huh
Two butter-beans and a black-eyed pea, Uh-huh
The first come in was a big June-bug, Uh-huh
The first come in was a big June-bug, Uh-huh
The first to come in was a big June-bug
A-dancin' around with a half a find jug
The second one in was bumblebee, Uh-huh
The second come in was bumblebee, Uh-huh
The second come in was bumblebee
A-dancin' 'round with a fiddle on his knee, Uh-huh
The third man in was a little grey mouse, Uh-huh
The third man in was a little grey mouse, Uh-huh: That's the bride's brother
The third come in was a little grey mouse
And he says, "Mr. Froggie, could I rent you a house?"
Froggie went a-travalin' across the lake, Uh-huh
Froggie went a-travalin' across the lake, Uh-huh
Froggie went a-travalin' across the lake