Oh, oh, oh
Hey girl, I love you so
And it's so sad that we can't even talk, no, we can't even talk, no
Hey girl, I'm so sad today
And my life just drifted away, drifted away
Can this be real girl?
Can this be solved?
Girl, have we drifted so far?
That we can't even talk no more?

Uh, uh, listen, yo
We can't talk no more, blood
'Cause you never ever really understood, blood
My heart was open, but you stepped right on
You never saw that I was up for being number one, yep
How long I know you? We kept in touch through college
Never the type to give you brain, I'm givin' you knowledge
We be like old school, I seen you fucking with some other birds
Yep, I let you roll right through
Move my soul to another home dude
But you're calling me, telling me your problems
And I was going through my own kind of problems
But I lended it there, you took a piss like you would care
Walk around like yeah, I had that there
And now you're shocked when you see me
Wishing we were cool to talk, wanting you to see me
Whipping out your numbers to call me, come and see
But you ain't real enough to see me
I'm making it clear B, listen
You might also like
Hey girl, I love you so
And it's so sad
That we can't even talk no, we can't even talk no
Hey girl, I'm so sad today
And my life just drifted away, drifted away
Can this be real girl?
Can this be solved?
Girl, have we drifted so far?
That we can't even talk no more?

I always knew you were the one to play the parts then
And now I see I should have kept you at arm's length
I thought you changed from the past
And then you make me waste my time
And played chu with my heart
Obviously, I got you wrong from the start
I should have never let it get that far
I can't deal with your attitude
Erased my number from your phone, I've had it with you
And it's so classic that you when you wanna blame the whole situation on me
Now let's see, I ain't saying I was perfect
But you played your little games, was it worth it?
And everything that I did you deserved it
And these days, I hardly walk out the door 'cause
You blow everything out of proportion
I'm not surprised we don't talk any more 'cause
You just played with my mind, but it's all good
Hey girl, I love you so
And It's so sad
That we can't even talk no, we can't even talk no
Hey Girl, I'm so sad today
Can this be real girl?
Can this be solved?
Girl, have we drifted so far?
That we can't even talk no more?

Hey girl, I miss you so
Won't you come back, come back?
I don't wanna her let go, don't wanna let her go
Hey girl, come back today
'Cause me my life drifted away, drifted away
I just miss you baby, come back baby
Come on heart

I fall apart and come back together again
When we were aparted
My heart still beating with him
Nothing you do can ever change how I feel for you
See now, nothing was gonna happens, don't even make me shake
We'll build on the one thing that's essential so it won't break
And that is God, and I thank God
We're friends, friends, friends
I fall apart and come back together again
From beginning to end made me realize what's here
How beautiful I am with no way to come close