Ay! Wake up, wake up!
You've got the power
You've got the power
My people in the east shore, you gotta wake up
Midwest, dirty south, yo, you gotta stand up
All my homies in the west, yo, you gotta wake up
Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up
Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up
Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up (All y'all gotta wake up now)
Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up
Wake up, wake up

Wake up everybody, no more sleeping in bed
No more backwards thinking, time for thinking ahead
The world has changed so very much from what it used to be
There's so much hatred, war and poverty

Wake up all the teachers, time to teach a new way
Maybe then they'll listen to what you have to say
Cause they're the one's who coming up
The world is in their hands
When you teach the children
Teach them the better questions you can
You might also like
Uh... scream "peace," do we mean it?
Can you feel it when we scream it out loud?
Do you believe that we need it?
Do you believe that it could get right?
Do you believe
That the children of the world deserve a good life?
Well, if you do, it's time to wake up your mind
We can make it better and I know it might take some time
But we gotta start somewhere
How about with you and me?
From us it goes to others (Yo, listen)
Then we'll have our unity

Wake up all the doctors, make the old people well (Well)
They're the ones who suffer and who catch all the hell (Oh)
But they don't have so very long before their Judgment Day (Ooh)
So won't you make them happy before they pass away (Oh, oh)

Wake up, all the builders time to build a new land
I know we can do it 'long as we lend a hand
The only thing we have to do is put it in our mind
(Put it in our minds)
Surely things will work out
'Cause they do it every time (Everytime)
I ain't here to take up y'all time
I came to shake up y'all mind
It's everybody's wake up call time
I can't sleep too long
While they do the people wrong
Let's clean the world up
Before they sweep through, gone
This is real talk you can peep through songs
So when you feel weak
These words will keep you strong
And help make a change for the better
It's hard one to do it
But make can make some changes together

Hey, yeah, oh
The world won't get no better
Get no better, oh
If we just let it be
Let it be (Na, na, na, na, na, na)
The world won't get no better (Oh)
We gotta change it, yeah
Just you and me
The world won't get no better (Oh, oh, oh)
Won't get no better
If we just let it be
Let it be, let it be, let it be (Na, na, na, na, na, na)
The world won't get no better (Better, ooh)
We gotta change it, yeah
You and me
Set a goal for the plan up here
We gotta stand up here
Give thanks to The Man Upstairs
Put the egos and the pride to the side regardless
And just be role models, parents, artists
We can make a change
And we can make it the hardest
If you gon' make a baby
You should make him the smartest
Let him know good and bad, right from wrong
How to roll with the punches when life moves on
The stress won't take toll if you don't sweat it
World won't get no better if we don't let it
Let the negative energy ride
Keep hope alive
It's about time that we open our eyes
Wake up

Wake up everybody, no more sleeping in bed (Wake up, get on up)
No more backwards thinking, time for thinking ahead (Oh)
The world has changed so very much from what it used to be (What it used to be)
There's so much hatred, war and poverty

(Wake up! Wake up!)
Wooo! (Oh!)

Yup, we all best to vote
I don't care about the guns you tote
Listen to me like you listened to Fahrenheit 9/11
Ain't no time for the second guessing
The words I speak?
Wake up the ones who sleep
The leaderships?
Fix your mouth to teach
Emcees?
Teach the kids what's peace
They don't have to worry about the police
We make them rich so they don't have to thief
Every artist here on this track (Oh!)
Will make a change here for young cats (Oh!)
This is for everybody white or black
You better go and vote
And get up off your back
(Wake up!)

Wake up everybody, no more sleeping
The cypher goes on, lift your head, get your voice up
Wake up everybody, no more sleeping
You see the power of the people is the choice to ignite love
Wake up everybody, no more sleeping
Not a choice, it's a gift that our people had to fight for
Wake up everybody, time for thinking, thinking
And the price way too personal for anyone to ignore

Wake up everybody, no more sleeping
Take the opportunity
Wake up everybody, no more sleeping
Your responsibility
Wake up everybody, no more sleeping
Your voice has to be heard
Wake up everybody, time for thinking, thinking
Save the world, save the world

Wake up everybody, no more sleeping (Why don't you)
(Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up)
Wake up everybody, no more sleeping (Why don't you)