Surprise, surprise - you know those pages you'd write?
One night, you were out
I was inside feeling sorry for myself
I drank from any bottle I could find
I broke into your room
I tried on all your clothes
And I read every note

So what the fuck happened to us?
What the fuck happened to us?
We used to be something - I can't remember just what

We were born into the chandeliers like troubadours and saints
I said, "I don't mind if it takes time, I just wanna get away"
I wanna take it back to all the days when we would stay in bed
I'd lay my head upon your lap, I hope you never take it back
To my surprise, well, all those pages were bled white
I stand corrected and relieved, drunk and uncomfortable in heels
I suppose that it makes sense you'd never run and tell your friend
Oh, that you left too soon
Found me dolled up in your room - I know just what you'd say
You might also like
What the fuck happened to us?
What the fuck happened to us?
What the fuck happened to us?
What the fuck happened to us?
We used to be something - I can't remember just what
I can't remember just what, just what

If I could name just one thing that's gonna haunt me
That's gonna bleed me dry, that's gonna bruise
It'd have to be the look upon your face when Nattie came to pick you up, take you away
And you just stood there in the hall waiting for me to call it off
What kind of selfish piece of shit would base a life on no regret?
Would let the only one who ever understood me walk alone?
And I closed the door
I made it halfway down your hall
Something caught my eye and I fell apart
Well, there's a picture on your dresser drawer
And it doesn't even look like me
But I swear to God, when the bulbs went off
I wish we could have shined forever
I was there in a suit you made
You were beautiful, it was your birthday
And only for a night, we believed in magic
Well do you remember when I woke you up to tell you I love you?
Said do you remember when I woke you up to tell you I love you?

And I still do

So what the fuck happened to us?
What the fuck happened to us?
What the fuck happened to us?
What the fuck happened to us?