With unlimited flows never stay in the same spot
Everything in life's got a place to make right
If you feel it in your heart reach out like Red Foxx
Baby hop on board, you don't need your pay stubs
In the galaxy bus we pullin out all stops
From the bay to LA just like the grapevine
Big shout to my man cut chemist and J5
All my women in the spot thats makin the place pop
That branch from bass chocolate Asia good god
Go in, state the obvious, legs and tank tops
Y'all keep on truckin y'all doin a great job
If I ain't on stage or on tape I'm playin cards
In the burgundy coat, snake boots and black socks
On the Barbary Coast playin host to ex wives
With the bubbly flowin cuff links and fake rocks

When I do that damn thing
I do that damn thing
I do that damn thing
I do that there
You might also likeNow I am a warrior, faith healin soldier
One day the ultimate general called me
In to headquarters, gave me an order
Son I bestow the gift of rap on ya
Fight for the cause but don't be a martyr
I'm your DJ on the steel wheel of fortune
Gave me an audience laid before ya
Show this performer ways to change culture
Better believe that he did what he did
Bless me with excellence with the pad and the pen
Enemies thespians, I'm so real, ya'll pretend
Pettiness not my thing, never haves never been
So many MC's never passed the entry
Level position I'm guessin eventually
Y'all feel so empty disappear gently
Like a whisper in the wind come messin with LB

Whoa . . . . . . . . . . . . Cut Chemist
Whoa . . . . . . . . . .Bring it back now
Well abracadrabra I saddled up a camel
Traveled the Sahara and the avenues of Casablanca
Ran into Aladdin and family snackin on an abba-zabba
Cabbage patchin and practising the Macarena with who?
Santana, Santa, a panda, my gramma, Dracula
Aladdin and the Dalai Lama
Beretta and a mannequin and then I slipped on a banana
Landed on a hammock in Havana sippin on a can of apple Fanta
Bit by a piranha when I swam to Atlantis
On the back of a manta I paddled with a spatula
Back to Atlanta where I had a hamburger with Hammer's manager
Afterwards he handed me eleven limiteds for
The Tropicana where I had a romantic encounter
With Janet, Pamela, glamorous Selma and-a Calamity Jane
Samantha, Vanity, Miss Japan, Canada
And Bananarama in the back of an Acura