Watch out, watch out, watch out, watch out, watch out-watch out
Watch out, watch out, watch out, watch out, watch out-watch out


In the beginning men and women had an obligation to they children

Then there was a real and true necessity and need for building
 To instill the discipline and will, proliferate the lineage
 Matters of the spirit, mind, and body taken serious
 But the way that we became what we became, somebody please
Explain
 Well we can tell you if your curious, those that reign got the
Masses in chains and their minds enslaved
 And that's the part that makes me furious

Watch out, watch out, watch out, watch out, watch out-watch out
Watch out, watch out, watch out, watch out, watch out-watch out

Cause there definitely ain't, no info readily available
To the general lay people, so let me know
You might also like
It's these elitist multimedia creeps that feed shit to the neediest
It's the greediest trying to cheat us out of our God-given rights

To a quality education, minimal opportunities available
Limited occupations, we are not given a choice

Or given a voice within a political system pimped and gangstered-out
Wherein the people are the victims, sheep, being led about

While the followers and patrons of any faith outside the mainstream
Are berated, falsely painted as endangering the way things were
 And the way things are tonight
I can't believe that things ain't worse
 With all the wicked seeds we've sown have grown
 And poisoned all the earth
 It's serves us right
 Can't really act surprised when the harvest has no worth
 The curse that lurks around the corner
 Is the product of our work

Watch out, watch out, watch out, watch out, watch out-watch out
Watch out, watch out, watch out, watch out, watch out-watch out
(RIGHT NOW!)
The holy war is growing, opposing forces pony up
The origins of which have been historically ignored

(RIGHT NOW!)
Our foreign policy is meddling in some democracy
Upholding an aristocracy of secret terrorist cells

(RIGHT NOW!)
The global poverty that we accept so commonly
Turns people into property, one step away from hell

(RIGHT NOW!)
Health care battles, bioengineering
For the worldwide scare of the plague that we're fearing
 (RIGHT NOW!) They have the right to put your life under
Surveillance
 (RIGHT NOW!) They got the right to lock us up, we don't obey 'em
 (RIGHT NOW!) Modern education don't prepare the youth
 (RIGHT NOW!)  Do what you gotta do!
 (RIGHT NOW!) There's people shootin' at people that's throwin
Stones
 (RIGHT NOW!) There's a movement of evil across the globe
 RIGHT NOW is where we at, what comes around goes around
TIME FOR ACTION BEFORE THE LAST TRUMPET SOUNDS!

(RIGHT NOW!)
Opposing forces pony up for a cause so glorious
But he who stands alone with justice, none touches

(RIGHT NOW!)
The only option we can profit from is movement
Toward the positive progressive thought that's rooted up in consciousness

(RIGHT NOW!)
Grass roots run deep, troops do
Diffuse confusion stewed by rude groups loose

(RIGHT NOW!)
We can benefit if we can pool our energy collectively
Project it in a direction used effectively
 (RIGHT NOW!) We have the opportunity for self-improvement
 (RIGHT NOW!) We can reinforce the strength of the family unit
 (RIGHT NOW!) Our community, it must support the youth
 (RIGHT NOW!)  Do what you gotta do
 (RIGHT NOW!) There's people looking for people with common goals
 (RIGHT NOW!) There's a movement of unity across the globe
 RIGHT NOW is where we at, what comes around goes around
TIME FOR ACTION BEFORE THE LAST TRUMPET SOUNDS!

Watch out, watch out, watch out, watch out, watch out-watch out