2 AM again and I'm thinkin' 'bout
2 AM again and I'm thinkin', "Should I come through?"
Can I come kick, can I come kick with you?
2 AM again and I'm thinkin' 'bout
It's 2 AM and I'm stuck up thinkin' about the
Last time you were behind me, all in the mirror
I could see everything you would be doin'
I could see everything, lookin' at me like you love me
I know you don't love me
I never care long as I come first, you come on time
I reverse, you rewind, do it again
Stuck in time, do it again

All you ever say is, "Come and see me for once
Come and see me for once
You don't ever come to me, yeah
You don't ever come, why you never come?
Will you ever come?
Come and see me for once
Come and see me for once
Why you never come to me, no?
Why you never come to me?
Why you never come to me, no?"
See SZA LiveGet tickets as low as $120You might also like
This my time, it's your turn
I know you're right
I know it burns to be in love
I know it burns to be another
One of your girls on the side like that
I know your kind, how you lie like that
I know you're mine when you bite it like that
I know you're mine when you put it like that
Guess you was right when you put it like that
I know now
I get the point, I hear you loud and clear
All this time I've been playin' your side
I could've done better shit with my life
And waste no time on you
Got to move on 'cause you got me fucked up
I am confused from this point, I don't trust nobody, yeah
Out of my body, blowin' my fuse out
Devil, please cut me loose, yeah, please cut me loose, oh

"Come and see me for once
Come and see me for once
You don't ever come to me, yeah
You don't ever come, why you never come?
Will you ever come?
Come and see me for once
Come and see me for once
Why you never come to me, no?
Why you never come to me?
Why you never come to me, no?"
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
For you, you, you, you, you, you
Never, never too late, late, late, late, late, late, late
Fall through, through, through, through
It's 2 AM, it's 2 AM and I'm on you (You, you, you)
Thinkin' 'bout you (You again, you again)
Never knew another nigga I want bad as I want you, baby
It's 2 AM and I confess I want you (Bad as I want you, bad as I want you)
It's 2 AM, it's 2 AM again

I might be thirsty for you
How can you blame me?
Oh, I might be thirsty for you
How can you blame me?
Oh, I might play circus for you
How do you want me?
I conjure up that coochie for you
Voodoo, Houdini
And I might be that hoochie for you