And yes y'all, the sounds that you hear is gonna be so real
You'll have no fear 'cause three live brothers are here
We got KRS-One from Boogie Down Productions
Special shout to Melodie
We got my man Chuck D in the house from Public Enemy
And I am Kool Moe Dee
So, are you ready?

Are you ready to elevate?
As I rhyme on time you'll illuminate
Hard as diamond, knowledge shinin'
It's that time and it's all in the timin'
Four hundred years, blood, sweat and tears
The rain is over and the sun is here
Yeah, bright and clear, countdown to the year
No fear 'cause I'm in there
Holding my mic like the Staff of Ra
Bringing true light after dark
Brothers are live, but still unborn
It's almost morn and it's time to mourn
See the light like the crack of dawn
The comatose and the cracked are reborn
Regurgitating the garbage we're fed
'Cause this time, dawn is Dawn of the Dead
You might also like
(Rise) Ain't that funke? (Yeah, that's funke)
(Rise) Ain't that funke? (Yeah, that's funke)
(Rise) Ain't that funke? (Yeah, that's funke)
(and shine) Rise 'N' Shine
(Rise) Ain't that funke? (Yeah, that's funke)
(Rise) Ain't that funke? (Yeah, that's funke)
(Rise) Ain't that funke? (Yeah, that's funke)
(and shine) Get up!

I rise 'n' shine like the sun on the one
We dance together, we overcome
A wake-up call to wake up all
Stand up tall, get up and get up, y'all
Clap your hands in jubilation, meditation
Recreation, procreation of the mind
If you seek, will find
Born two times, but still one of a kind
Learn your past, find your path
The truth is infinite like math
Countdown to the year two thousand
The thought alone is arousin'
When we sing y'all wink with the third eye
Rise with the sun and think with the bird's-eye view
As I watch our exodus
When the higher conscience connects us just
(Rise) Ain't that funke? (Yeah, that's funke)
(Rise) Ain't that funke? (Yeah, that's funke)
(Rise) Ain't that funke?
(and shine) Get up!
(Rise) Ain't that funke? (Yeah, that's funke)
(Rise) Ain't that funke? (Yeah, that's funke)
(Rise) Ain't that funke? (Yeah, that's funke)
(and shine) Get up!

The microphone is my funk receptor
When I speak on beat I'm trying to connect us
To what's left us messed up
Egos dressed up, got us effed up
You see onto instead of into
You see what you want to instead of what you been through
You can take the rhyme I say
Read, hear and see 'em three ways
Combine the rhyme to any one of nine
For some, still, the light won't shine
You can take a shot in the dark, but keep missin'
You aim with one eye, and just don't listen
To see in the dark you need all three
Your eyes are ears when you hear what you see
The five senses are all correlated
The sixth and seventh is how you elevate it
(Rise) Ain't that funke? (Yeah, that's funke)
(Rise) Ain't that funke? (Yeah, that's funke)
(Rise) Ain't that funke? (Come down) (Yeah, that's funke)
(and shine) (Check it out) Rise 'N' Shine
(Rise) Ain't that funke? (Yeah, that's funke) (Huh!)
(Rise) Ain't that funke? (Yeah, that's funke) (Check it out)
(Rise) Ain't that funke? (Yeah, that's funke)
(and shine) (Come down! Come down! Come down!)
Ring-ding-ding-ding-ding-ding-ding
This a KRS sound with a different something (What?)
Come down and dance and we'll come down for sing
This a KRS and me say: go!
'Nough slave ships come from Africa
Full of Africans sold in America
Now you want me to call myself American?
Even though America's kill the African? (Check it!)
White man is European
And Black man is African
White man never say 'Euro-American'
So why should the black man say 'Afro-American'?
If the black man is American with a afro
Then the white man is American with a long nose
It should be Long-Nose-American for the white man, and
Jump around and move your bottom (What?)

(Rise) Ain't that funke? (Yeah, that's funke) (Please lord!)
(Rise) Ain't that funke? (Yeah, that's funke)
(Rise) Ain't that funke? (Yeah, that's funke)
(and shine) Get up!
(Rise) Ain't that funke? (Yeah, that's funke)
(Rise) Ain't that funke? (Yeah, that's funke)
(Rise) Ain't that funke? (Yeah, that's funke)
(and shine) Get up! (Hey!)

Make no mistake, we don't shake or stutter
So heed the word of the brothers
Who makes a boy into a man?
It's the job of another man
Who knows his role as a father?
He bothers to give his son his soul
And pass it on to never flunk
'Cause papa don't raise no punks
Got to make it known and to pass it down
Yeah, sounds like a job for the brotherman now
Got to help a mother for me (uh!)
Each one teach one, if you can't find one
Talk to the little ones
And you'll see they'll listen to fill the missin' piece