Yeah, motherfuckers in my face, man always
Telling me how to make records, FUCK THAT!
I've been making records for fucking fourteen years
Yeah, Raw Breed in here about want to do this shit violent
I'll do it.. MY WAY!!

Yo it's my way, no way
Get dumped on the highway
Buck, buck feel the blast from my gun spray
Yea, you're getting drowned in the blood
A bug, thug, feel the cops catching slugs

Yo, it's my way, I slay, I play, you stay down
You fuck around in my town, you drown
Fuck you, fuck them, fuck that
We come back through
Murdering your crew - what!

You don't know shit about my lifestyle, it's buckwild
Late night gunfights, three strikes, I'd rather fight
Caught in the street, ya get beat down ta raw meat
Fucking with me and the Breed, you'll soon bleed
See Body Count LiveGet tickets as low as $62You might also like
Yeah, it's Raw Breed - BC killin overseas
Dropping off rooftops, punks hang from trees
Night vision, incision, the opposition
It's never your decision
My way!

You can't tell me jack shit, suck my dick
Out my face with that drama, I'll kill your fucking mama
Iller than a postal worker, born to murder
Suckers in my face with that bullshit die quick

It's Bizarra, ha, cause mad horror
It's the dusted world of Bizarra
High on acid, the ghetto bastard
Yo punk I'll put your ass in a casket

You in a world of shit, fucking with the Syndicate
We pack full clips, and then we're done with it
Come with it, we get it on yo, you ain't lasting
Demolishing, the demolishiong

Piss on your grave, a killing craze
In your town right now on any stage
Who the fuck are you? Trying ta diss my crew?
Who dies tonight bitch? - You!
My way!
I will do what I choose, and if I loose
Well then I loose, My Way!
This is my fucking life, and if I die
Well then I die, My Way!

 Yo Bizarra, you're bugging, put the gun away from..
 Fuck that! I'm high and dusted
 You're tripping man, don't do it..
 Fuck that nigga! (*Gun Shot*)

I will do what I choose, and if I loose
Well then I loose, My Way!
This is my fucking life, and if I die
Well then I die, My Way!

Body Count up in this motherfucker, you know what I'm saying? (YEAH!!)
Raw Breed is in the House (BIZARRA!!)
Blowing heads nigga (NARCOTIC!!)
It's going down (FUCK THAT!! WE GONNA SET THE RUCKUS!!)