How many interviews you've read on me...
How many times you've seen me on TV...
No matter what you think...
You don't know me!"
(Chorus)
You don't know me...
Feel my pain!
You don't know me...
Feel my pain!
You don't know me, you don't know my life
Don't know my struggle, don't know my pain
Don't live in my brain, don't know my thoughts
Don't know my fears, don't really know my name
You just talk shit, talk like you know
Talk like you been there, talk like you lived it
Motherfucker I would like to take you one day
Take you down to my hood, take you out to play
See the results of AK spray, pick up a baby girl missing a leg
Come home and find your whole family dead
Get a 4.5 cocked up to your head
Get jacked by the cops, beat down in the street
No electricity, hungry for weeks
You don't know, well I think you should
Cause down in the ghetto well it ain't that good!
See Body Count LiveGet tickets as low as $62You might also like(Chorus)
You don't know me just heard the song
Rapped with the music just sang along
Never really pulled ad cocked the steel
Never shot for real, never aimed to kill
Never pushed no crack, never locked a block
Never hit no cop, never packed a Glock
You like listening to gangsta shit
Makes you feel real hard-core, roll with the crips..
This shits real, soon you'll learn
People do die, bullets do burn
Go off in the ghetto and make the wrong turn..
Get your motherfucking cap let back!
Quicker than fuck you can get your ass stuck
Dumped in a ditch, burnt in a truck
Stick to the CD stay away
Cause you don't know me and niggas don't play!
(Chorus)
This is not your life, You are just a visitor!
This is not your life!
This is not your life, You are just a visitor!
This is not your life!
You don't know me not like me at all
Don't wake up everyday on edge of death
I don't trust anybody including myself
I feel like I'll die violently, fuck my health!
Or maybe you do and you feel the same
Wake up with headaches cursing the game
Grab at your brain like your going insane
Then I know you can feel my pain!
This is not your life, You are just a visitor!
This is not your life!
This is not your life, You are just a visitor!
This is not your life!