Yo, E (What's up?)
Man, I am sick of explaining myself
Explaining what? I mean, what's going on?
He's just not getting the point, I don't want a relationship right now
I mean, you told him. You told him seven times, you moved countries, you was like, "Fuck this dude." Like, what, what's going on?
I'm still trying to get over my ex and he don't understand that
So what you gonna do?
Shit, I done tried everything. I done left, I done left, I mean, I've done everything I possibly can and he's still not getting the point
You know there's only one thing left right
What?
Take your away love
I guess that what I'ma have to do
'Cause he's never gonna learn unless you do that, right?
A'ight

Listen, whenever your song plays, it brings back those memories
The way it shoulda been, yeah
The simplest time in my life but you weren't meant for me
Tears come rapidly
And though you tell me you love
I can't imagine you as part of my day
The way my life keeps on changing, you need attention
I can't do it your way, I gotta go
You might also like
(If I take away love) If I take away all your love
(If I take away love) If I get up, I get up, I get up, I get up
(If I get up leave) Ooh, ooh baby
(Would that be enough?) Would that be enough for you?

We said that we'd let it go, take some time to get over us
But that just ain't enough, no
You still wanna come around hoping I can make some time
Messing with my mind
You want this love I can't give ya
No between the sheets, boy
I made this bed
Try as you may, I ain't trippin'
Sex is over, I'd rather sleep instead
Boy, I gotta go

(If I take away love) Oh baby, yeah
(If I take away love) Oh, take away all your love
(If I get up leave) Oh, ooh oh oh
(Would that be enough?) Would that be enough?
(Nah, it ain't enough, listen)

You got me up all night, up all day
Tryna figure out what I gotta say
I can tell you this the hard or the easy way
Tryna tell you that I don't really want you, babe
I don't need the stress or need the drama
You could save the bullshit for your mom
I know it's hard to deal, but listen, it's the truth
Would you rather this or me straight lying to you?
See, now we gotta work on your acceptance, dear
Listen, you should just accept this here
I moved on, I took away love
I took away you, now I took away us, yo
(If I take away love)
See, that's all I'm talking about, Toya, take away your love, you get it (If I take away love)
'Cause enough of these guys be on that bull
(If I get up leave)
All you gotta do is pack up your tings, get up and go
(Would that be enough?)
Uh, take it away, take it away, come on

If I take away love
Would that be enough?