Underground Master speaking
Yo, D, what's up?
Just chillin', man, what's up?
Give them Geto Boys a ring, man
Hold 'em down
Geto Boys
Hey
What's up, J?
Yeah, man, I got Willie D on the other end
What's up, Will?
What's up now? What's up, fellas?
You know
Say, fellas
I been kickin' a few lyrics in the back of my mind, man
And I'm tired of motherfuckers disrespecting us
Because we're Black-owned and won't sell out
Word
So check this out
We need to get together
And go to that other level of the game
And do it like a G.O.
Say no more, J, we're on the telephone
We gettin' the motherfuckin' message

I'm back like a rebel making trouble
I'm an assassin, kickin' ass on the double
No motherfucker alive's gonna stop me
So fuck you and your goddamn posse
You might also like
It's time to step on some motherfuckin' toes
(Nah, D), man, fuck them hoes
The East Coast ain't playin' our songs
I wanna know what the hell's goin' on
Give me my card, radio sucker
I'll kick your ass and take the motherfucker
Everybody know New York is where it begin
So let the ego shit end

Black radio is being disowned
Not by the other race, but its own
A lot of bullshit records make hits
Because the radio is all about politics
Akshen is my identity
Whoever you be (Don't-don't-don't fuck with me)
My last go, the radio stuck me with a low blow
Now I'm doin' it like a G.O.

(Go, go, go, go, go)
(Let's make 'em an offer they can't refuse)
(Go, go, go, go, go)
(You wanna go to war? We'll take you to war, okay?)
Everybody's coming with guns
Niggas gettin' pimped by Colombians
They put 'em on the streets like a bitch
Niggas slangin', but the Puerto Rican gettin' rich
I never sold the mess
But if I did, it would be for my goddamn self
Can you adjust to the wholesale bust?
Bushwick, tell these motherfuckers what's up

When will you stupid motherfuckers learn?
In this game, one way or another, you get burned
You end up behind bars
Or lyin' on your back in a motherfuckin' morgue
And your girl'll find another nigga
'Cause the low-actin' bitch ain't nothin' but a gold-digger
I'll fuck her, but my money is a no-no
(Why?), I'm a ho, so I do it like a G.O.

(Go, go, go, go, go)
(Let's make 'em an offer they can't refuse)
(Go, go, go, go, go)
(You wanna go to war? We'll take you to war, okay?)
Fucked-up politics
Those tie-wearin' bitches can suck my dick
They try to ban my style of teachin'
But freedom of speech allow me to keep speakin'
To the people about shit like racism
It's deep into the heart of the school system
Whites get more funds from the state
And this is why minorities learn so late

Some of us make it to college
And take a test to the highest degree with limited knowledge
Most of us won't pass the bitch
And those rotten-ass motherfuckers know this
I'm not Malcolm X or Farrakhan
After this one, I'll guess I'll have to pack a gun
So if you wanna fuck with this brother
You better be ready, motherfucker
You're gonna have to G.O.

(Go, go, go, go, go)
(Let's make 'em an offer they can't refuse)
(Go, go, go, go, go)
(You wanna go to war? We'll take you to war, okay?)

Willie D is not a bigot and he won't be
I just educate minds through reality
This ain't no motherfuckin' back to Africa
Try to pull that shit, we'll have a massacre

Our ancestors were killed at will
Bought and sold like a used automobile
We fought so Black can exist
Now we're killing one another, ain't that a bitch?

Ready Red, comin' at ya
Holdin' my ground like a motherfuckin' statue
You take nothin' from me, so stop trippin'
'Less you wanna take a motherfuckin' ass whippin'
Bitch, motherfuck the KKK
Wearin' dresses and shit, what the fuck, is they gay?

A colorblind society will never be
Unless we agree (In harmony), to do it like a G.O.

Rap-A-Lot
Hey, Jay, this is the president of White Owned Records
We see you're still survivin'
But wanted to ask you to keep your boys quiet
If you don't, we will
Or here's another alternative
We take ninety-five percent of your company and you take five and we'll make you famous in fifteen years
It would take you a lifetime by yourself
Because you know your people don't stick together
What you say about that, boy?
Man, fuck you
I would advise you not to talk to me like that, boy
Just who the hell you think you are anyway?
I'm Lil-motherfuckin'-J
And I ain't to be fucked with