Give a likkle bit of this a likkle bit a dat mek dem know, yeah
Shaggy!
Original lover, lover, mm, yeah, uh (Yeah)
Catch a groove girl, catch a groove, that's right
Lover, lover, lover, mmm, uh, Shaggy, DJ

A who da man dat love to make you moist and wet (Uh)
A who da man dat love to make you moan and sweat (Uh)
A who da man dat love to make you scream out "yes" (Mr. Lover, Mr. Lover)
A who da man dat love to make you moist and wet (Uh)
A who da man that love to make you moan and sweat (Uh)
A who da man dat love to make you scream out "yes", naw
(Mr. Lover)

Sugar
Sweet, succulent and fine (Woo)
A twinkling eye on my darling divine
I love the way you move and  all the way you're designed
Your only lines are my mind, forget the corny line
Now let me hit you off with this question sign
You seem to be the type for me to wine and dine
A little candlelight dinner toasted over some wine
Well, I will hit you off with this lyrical rhyme
See Shaggy LiveGet tickets as low as $60You might also like
(Mr. Lover, Mr. Lover, Mr. Lover)
Mr. Lover, keep her rockin', Mr. Lover, keep her rockin'
Mr Lover, keep her rockin', and sweat
(Mr. Lover, Mr. Lover, Mr. Lover)
Now Mr. Lover, keep her rockin', Mr. Lover, keep her rockin'
Mr. Lover, keep her rockin', and sweat, sing

Ooh boy, I love you so
Never, ever, ever gonna let you go (That's right)
Once I get my hands on you (Luv me, luv me, luv me sex machine)
Ooh boy, I love you so (Mmm-hmm)
Never, ever, ever gonna let you go (That's right, uh)
I hope you feel the same way too (You know dat)

(DJ) Step in my caravan of love
So I can love, gonna give you hotter rubs
Dem ever wet kissies wit' dem brazen hugs
And now your sweet, silky body on my Persian rug
While we sippin' Coke from da same ol' mug
I'm readin' fortune cookies from the Chinese proverb
It had some great stuff written in it with some cool rub-a-dub
A little ol' reminisce in the hot tub, huh
(Mr. Lover, Mr. Lover, Mr. Lover)
Let's fog up some window sills, girl, uh
(Mr. Lover, Mr. Lover, Mr. Lover)
(Catch a groove back girl, catch a groove, Shaggy, haha, woo)

Ooh boy, I love you so
Never, ever, ever gonna let you go (That's right)
Once I get my hands on you
(Luv me, luv me, luv me sex machine)
Ooh boy, I love you so
Never, ever, ever gonna let you go
I hope you feel the same way too

Girlie, girlie
You woke up a real love machine
Girlie, girlie
I live to make your beat
Girlie, girlie
(Uh) I'll hit you between da sheets
Girlie, girlie
Whoo, I'll make you moan and scream
Girlie, girlie
Yeah, you woke a real love machine
Girlie, girlie
Whoo, I'll hit you between the sheets
Girlie, girlie
Girl, you love to moan and scream
Girlie, girlie
Haha, you know what I'm sayin'? (Yeah)
Shuh
Girl, you're unique
Now let me take a whiff of that sweet physique
You're the only girl allowed to make my heart stop beatin'
Let me, ha, ha, start lickin' , let's kick it heartlessly
To be the lady of your color is an honor indeed
Leave a lastin' impression for weeks and weeks
I wanna throw rose petals to your humble feet
Lay you gently on my sheet and sexercise you to sleep, huh

(Mr. Lover, Mr. Lover, Mr. Lover)
(Mr. Lover, Mr. Lover, Mr. Lover)
(Catch a groove back girl, catch a groove back, yeah)
Let's fog up some window sills, baby, haha

Ooh boy, I love you so
Never, ever, ever gonna let you go
Once I get my hands on you
(Luv me, luv me, luv me sex machine)
Ooh boy, I love you so (Yeah)
Never, ever, ever gonna let you go
I hope you feel the same way too (Listen, DJ)

The ladies still want me, hot like fire
If you come wit' me, you, me, can retire
Anytime you model, girl, an instant fire
Somehow your power with Tommy Hilfiger
'Nuff dat designer, wan' know your name
'Nuff of dem a put your picture in a picture frame
Wannna feel your body, man can't put no fame
Some model, of mi girl, and go enjoy your fame
Luv me, luv me, luv me, sex machine
I'm guaranteed to make you moan and scream
Luve me, luv me, luv me, sex machine
I'm guaranteed to make you moan and scream
Luv me, luv me, luv me, sex machine
I'm guaranteed to make you moan and scream
Luv me, luv me, luv me, sex machine (Mr. Lover, Mr. Lover)

(Ooh boy) I wanna tell this lady
So just come on, cause I'm the original Cupid (Ooh boy)
Whoo, just like a stick through the arrow
Makin' us mate, ha, ha, ha (Ooh boy)
Yeah, whoo (Yeah, oh boy)
Cause I'm the ladies choice
And the girls get moist for the sound of the baritone voice
You get that, you get that?
Baby, lover
Uh, uh, sexy undercover, uh, uh
(Mr. Lover) Uh, check out, check out, DJ
And I just love the way you just fog up my window sills, baby
Yeah, ooh (Ooh boy)
(Ooh boy) Let me know
I ain't gonna use no glow-in-the-dark, you know what
It ain't hard to see, baby, whoo (Ooh boy)
(Ooh boy) Swing low, swing low, whoo, swing low (Ooh, boy)
Lovin' all that, lovin' all that, shake it, baby, shake it (Ooh, boy)
Dig it, dig it, dig it, I dig it
I get it, I dig dat, I dig dat (Ooh boy)
Lover, lover (Lover, lover)
Sexy undercover (Lover, lover)
Raunhcy mutha, mmm mmm, no, no
Check it out, I'm spinnin' (Lover, lover)
Whoo (Ooh, boy)
Catch a groove back girl, catch a groove back
Let dem know dat (Ooh boy)
I love this little funky beat (Ooh boy)
Terry Lewis, Jimmy Jam said dat, uh
(Ooh boy) Mr. Lover
(Mr. Lover) Whoo
(Mr. Lover) Wicked undercover (Mr. Lover)
(Mr. Lover) I'll be your nighttime lover (Mr. Lover)
(Mr. Lover) Wicked undercover (Mr. Lover)