Let the love flow, Let the love flow
Ah jus love, you know
Let's take it from our heart and spread it wide
Gotta bring this one out for my brothers and sisters, my neighbours
We gotta long road ahead, yeah, pull together we can do this
It's a Caribbean collaboration
All my brothers and sisters, let the love flow, let the love show
We gotta take a stance
It's all about strength, Let's rise
Shaggy:
Life, pressure, struggle, strain, must stand together let us shoulder the pain
Mi cyaan deh yah witness blood ah run down di drain
Me cyaan stand helpless and not offer aid
Sean Paul:
Now I would never ever turn and walk away
When mi stop and take a good good look inna your face no time fi waste if I ain't my brother's keeper
I'm his enemy so now I gotta search inna mi soul deeper
Etana:
How can I stop my heart from breaking?
What can I do to ease the pain?
Tessanne Chin:
How can I stop the earth from shaking?
I'm searching for strength to keep me sane
See Shaggy LiveGet tickets as low as $60You might also likeKes Dieffenthaller:
What can we do to make it better?
Is it too late for us to try?
Alison Hinds x Sean Paul:
Now I rethink the things I treasure
A fragment of hope is in these eyes
We shall rise again
(we shall rise and spread our wings once again)
We shall rise again
(we should help our fam and brothers and friends)
We shall rise again
(we have done it before now we can do it once again)
We shall rise again
(likkle bit help of family and friends)
David Rudder:
A moment of change and now we're spinning
No warning was sent, no reason why
Tessanne Chin x Sean Paul:
We gather our strength and we are willing (we're together now)
Belo:
To do what it takes to save some lives, oh no no
Shontelle Layne:
When tragedy came it really gave us
A chance to show we really care
Destra Garcia:
We're one and the same we're all neighbours
The burden is all for us to bare
We shall rise again
We shall rise again
We shall rise again
We shall rise again
We shall rise again
Sean Kingston:
We shall rise again, coming from the bottom
Come together and let's solve the problem
Problem problem everybody got dem
But dem ah mek dem money so they don't wanna solve dem
And the days and the nights will fall
But I know we'll carry on
Now it's time for us to stay strong
So let's come together
All together:
We shall rise again... We shall rise again
We shall rise again... We shall rise again
We shall rise again... We shall rise again
We're goin' to rise up... Yeah... Rise
We gotta rise, we gotta rise
We shall rise
We going to stand up... We going to stand up
Rise up ...Yea ... Yea ...Yea
We shall rise, togetherness, together we need to rise, (help Haiti)
We gonna rise we gonna rise
Higher and higher and higher, nothing gonna stop you, nooooo
We shall rise oh Yea (help Haiti)
Edwin Yearwood:
We shall Rise
Togetherness, one people we shall rise, higher and higher