Gyal!
She say she like, she like it
She really like it, like it

She likes the colour of my lips (gyal!)
She says she really wanna kiss me
She likes the colour of my lips (She say she really like the color of my lips)
She says she really wanna kiss me (She wanna kiss, She wanna kiss)

Say you couldn't talk when you see me at the mall
Gave you my number, wasn't sure that you would call
Posted my picture on your Facebook wall
Thought you were fronting 'til you hit the like button
Can't believe we're talking, we are really talking
Silly conversations, giggling and laughing
I called you my honey bunch, you say sugar darling
Snuggle up to me and then she whisper to me softly

She likes the color of my lips (gyal!)
She says she really wanna kiss me (She really wanna kiss me, yeah!)
She likes the color of my lips
She says she really wanna kiss me
You might also like
Mi tell her, mi tell her
So me say
Come on, come on now baby, what you waiting on?
And if you're feeling the feeling girl, you need to take my hand
And then you go down, go down now gyal, that's how you position
Now if you wanna, wanna say something, what's you're suggestion?
I tell you
I swear!
You're the one I'm feeling
Right here!
I'm the one you're kissing
My dear!
Where have you been all my life?
All my life, all my life, yeah, yeah

She likes the color of my lips (I say she, I say she, I say she)
She says she really wanna kiss me
She likes the color of my lips (hot head!)
She says she really wanna kiss me

Mi tell her
She say she love the rude bwoy
She love the way me move, she getting the groove on
Me say "mi love you", then she kiss me like a new born
She's making it swing, I'm getting it in, creating dusk 'til new dawn
We jamming, we jamming like this is just one of them old school song
She say she
Love me lips but this ain't nothing like, LL Cool J
She's feeling it she likes the games me, play
She loving my swag every night every day
Come over baby come swing it this way
You know I've been listening for you to s- say
She likes the color of my lips
She says she really wanna kiss me
She likes the color of my lips