Aah since we came on the scene we've been hated on mostly niggas talk shit but they watch real closly. Aah put that thang on that nigga tell that nigga you don't know bitch nigga you don't know me, nigga you don't know me...
Now its a bunch of niggas hatin on us since we came on
Hatas talkin shit cause they broke and they ain't on
Who's you niggas rappin'?
Da ain't snappin and dat lame song tell dem mutherfuckas dat them suckers got that game wrong
You sing da song in TV and I have dem on da shelf 4-5 hundreds started and we don't need no fuckin help fuck a height man we can crank the show all by our selves and blank dem hatin ass mutherfuckas to the left(to the left)

I ride wit a vacked a fuse niggas all of um black wit um black pumps, wit dem black slacks n dem black macks
And all of um gonna throw up wit dat gangsta nigga we blow merk
We don't blow hand ya wit de's wangsta
I'm trien 12 dollar on da curb, an eri body in my scwad you know they keep that expensive ass erb
4 all des punk niggas who be plotin n hatin on me u already know I keep a K on me(nigga)

Aah since we came on the scene we've been hated on mostly niggas talk shit but they watch real closly. Aah put that thang on that nigga tell that nigga you don't know bitch nigga you don't know me, nigga you don't know me...
Aah since we came on the scene we've been hated on mostly niggas talk shit but they watch real closly. Aah put that thang on that nigga tell that nigga you don't know bitch nigga you don't know me, nigga you don't know me...

Since we came on da scene we've been hated on, constiplated on, but that shit don't even fase me homes
First u smile up in my face and turn around and study hatin' we one of the reasons that yo song is in heavy rotation
Who could say they made a class 2 get back the club jumpin'started in 2001 and the pastand 2day its still bumpin' alway on da fuckin grind niggas trien ta stop our shine u'll neva get the best of us cause we 2 tough and we gonna ride

We gonna ride, n leave u couterfits behind foreva
This click gonna shine u hatas cause i got mine
But its all good, thats jus u evr 12 gets that L in da face flaw nigga get no props they get pushed in da face eri day thats just how it is thats just how it goes so i stay up on my toes and choose my money ova hoes
You might also like
Aah since we came on the scene we've been hated on mostly niggas talk shit but they watch real closly. Aah put that thang on that nigga tell that nigga you don't know bitch nigga you don't know me, nigga you don't know me...
Aah since we came on the scene we've been hated on mostly niggas talk shit but they watch real closly. Aah put that thang on that nigga tell that nigga you don't know bitch nigga you don't know me, nigga you don't know me...

You know the story now in dem duce duces hair out da brain nigga throw dem duces or i might throw it back im in a box chevy
These niggas hatin on me because my pockets heavey
Dreads in my head i got my mind right my cards right
I do alot of plessin
Ah i be puttin on a guess that thats the reason that these boys be hatin
"Im known for gettin on race setters snow, i stack um bak they start runnin back like sum hoes Niggas hatin cause they bitches jumpin out they clothes suckin me n suckin him the greatest nigga ye ain't know"

Of qourse u seen this in magizene I bet u got a posters or maybe 2,3 CD y ya'll niggas trien roster, girl its nuthin cause we focus MOB be bout dem presidents keep takin note and snappin pictures cause that shits erelavent

Aah since we came on the scene we've been hated on mostly niggas talk shit but they watch real closly. Aah put that thang on that nigga tell that nigga you don't know bitch nigga you don't know me, nigga you don't know me...
Aah since we came on the scene we've been hated on mostly niggas talk shit but they watch real closly. Aah put that thang on that nigga tell that nigga you don't know bitch nigga you don't know me, nigga you don't know me...