Yeah, back up in this
For the 2 double 0 5, y'all
Strange Fruit Project bringin' a little somethin' special on this one
Come on, 9th Wonder on the beat

Packing my bags, cause a brother wanna roll again
Maybe we can do this another time but I'm rowin' in
Start my motor man, I'm bout to head out
Say a little pray' to myself and then I sped out
Thoughts on my family, it's got me hesitating now
Thoughts of insanity, it's got me meditating loud
Insane anger, brothers headin' for danger
Looking at my life as a letter, that straight dangerous
It's all good, small hood, slang the dust
Another brother wanna aim and bust
So, I'm out the hood and I'm living in the better city
Cause things go round like merry go, so let it go
It's getting gritty, and they wonderin' where the crime went
Locked up, incarcerated, most of the time spent
Behind bars I rhyme bars if necessary
Sort of scary how I be livin', dwellin' in cemeteries

So special
So special... (that very) Special
So special... So special
So special...
You might also like
First of all I thank God for my life
Shouting out to both mommas for addressing the stresses
Of wrong and right, when the pressure was on
Discipline was giving and get in the zone
To get it while the getting is good instead of getting it on
So I let it be known, from suburbs
To the inner city gritty ishy, and living on curbs
Many a lyrical slur, plug it in and appease the masses
Music got em all fiending for more, like please pass it
We breeze past the past now we classic
Beyond y'all platinum plaques and twink wrapping
Made it 9 miles without Rabbit
Mad when the run around getting rerun what's happening?
The locks getting popped on the door of the industry
Cause you were on the bill and wasn't bringing no energy
Now we bank like synergy, remedy for the times
When an artist ever lacking in rhymes, and so I figure that I'm...

So special, so special...
(That very) Special
So special...
So special...
(Mic check!
M-E-D-I-A-N, yo)
Half past patient, I'm back to masturbating
LD monogamy, the sex was sensatious
Lady on a year hiatus, she worth the waiting
I'ma spit a rhyme for my time I could pay shit
I'ma get a job, time flies, chasing paper
Just to get me by, puff the la and sip the drinking
The fast  is busy, his car waiting
Read a good book lately? Shit, I read all of them
Seen every movie, caught my fam when I thought of em
Flew a couple kites to the Belly, my cousin riding them
Sent another flicks for him to cover up the walls with them
Just to get Amaya, dealt with baby mama drama shit
Moms is Donna, she say I got the gift
I put her on connect and she just vibing to the iddish
So hard, left my only copy at the crib
Got me at the record exchange, coppin' the shit again
So special...

So special... (That very) Special
So special...