Hollywood, Hollywood, oh how I fuckin' love you
I cannot seem to break through from this curse that I've been stuck to
I came in as a lil man but now my fuckin' nuts grew
Today's the day our ties are finally cut loose, fuck you
Uh-oh, it's my triflin' ass (Uh-oh)
Pullin' up like, "Hi guys, I'm back!" (Hi)
Goddamn, nigga, I'm so up that I can't get down
Gotta skydive from that (Yikes!)
Won't see the day I might relax
I ain't never been a nice guy, in fact
Y'all wishin' I would try nicer raps
Sorry, I ain't got the right mind for that (Uh-uh)
Look how cold he is, pimpin' just like H-O-V is
Y'all are beyond saving and my rhymes stay inappropriate
This is just how my show begins
If you hatin', come blow me then
Fuck you, here's some petroleum
Give me my clout, you owe me it (Yeah)
Whoa! Niggas better duck and run for cover like it's fuckin' Iraq
(Stand down, nigga!)
I'm pouring liquor for your ass, you ain't even die yet (Oh no!)
I've been headin' up the ladder long enough
It's time I hit the climax (Yikes!)
Your career's goin' bye-bye, it's ironic you don't got a bypass
Niggas know that I've been ill
Man, the whole time that I've been here
I done made a fortune like ten mil'
From the paper lines that my pen fills
And if I don't spend it, my kids will
I'm low-key but a big deal
Hoes see me and they freeze up, that's why they all on my dick still
You might also like
They tell me I'm too hostile, I am Picasso
Bitches like, "Remember me from high school?" Nah, ho
Came up in this shit killin' niggas with the hot flow
Y'all ain't got a fuckin' thing on Hop, whoa

Boy, you better rock slow
Who am I? I'm Picasso
Take the high road
ASAP 'cause I ain't liable
For no nigga (Nope!)
My fuckin' head is in the cosmos
Got it locked though
Bitch, I'm Pablo Picasso (Mhm)

I've been told the new game plan's
To make bullshit for the new age fans
And you can't pop unless you take Xans
And flex on the 'Gram like you do make bands
What? Oh no, they like, "Fuck boom bap rap, you can't win"
"Save that shit for the Wu-Tang Clan"
That's when I bust in like the Kool-Aid Man (Yeah!)
Look, I ain't the nigga who pullin' up
Tryna get shine by how much the Rollie glow (Nah)
I'm here to rain on parades
My sinister ways to fuck up the rodeo (Woo!)
I do my shows and hoes
Be losin' control like I was the Holy Ghost (Stop!)
When I deliver the penis it lies in the mouth, she call it Pinocchio
Mmm, man, who want war with me?
Bitch, I torture beats, I've been born to beast
Still I abort MC's, oh so horribly
Dog, your corpse'll be right on the floor with these
Feet that I'll stomp you out with
This my house, bitch, and you can't afford the lease (Watch out!)
(Whoa) Fuck all that Hollywood shit
Over half of you not even lit that be ridin' my dick
I got no problem with this
I come through and your body is zipped, I could hardly resist
Nigga, my hobby is pissin' on anyone I can offend
I got no friends
Whoever thinkin' they hot, go and tell 'em nobody's convinced, hmm
They tell me I'm too hostile, I am Picasso
Bitches like, "Remember me from high school?" Nah, ho
Came up in this shit killin' niggas with the hot flow
Y'all ain't got a fuckin' thing on Hop, whoa

Boy, you better rock slow
Who am I? I'm Picasso
Take the high road
ASAP 'cause I ain't liable
For no nigga (Nope!)
My fuckin' head is in the cosmos
Got it locked though
Bitch, I'm Pablo Picasso
Rock slow
Who am I? I'm Picasso
Take the high road
ASAP 'cause I ain't liable
For no nigga (Nope!)
My fuckin' head is in the cosmos
Got it locked though