The Hills- The Weeknd
Creating this annotation nearly a month before he verifyed it, Wes Craven on 6-2-15 tweeted that this song was indeed influenced by his movie The Hills Have Eyes. If only himself or The Weeknd would cosign this annotation!
To Kill A Mockingbird (Atticus Finch's closing speech)- Harper Lee
TKAM is such a great book and Atticus murders this speech!
What This World Is Coming To- Nate Ruess (ft. Beck)
This is just a really powerful song overall...
Birthday Suit- The Weeknd
I don't know if you've seen the tates that were considered "genius" on this song at the beginning of 2015, but I spent a couple hours working on the entire song and cleaned up the whole thing. This song deserved better annotations than what people had written regarding it. One of Abel's best songs!
Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows:  (Epilogue)  Nineteen Years Later- J.K. Rowling
I wrote a huge annotation for this because of the backstory between Snape and Harry Potter. The Harry Potter books are easily my favorite books to read and I love the movies as well. No doubt that  J.K. Rowling is a genius!
Treasure - Tori Kelly
Probably one of Tori's best songs in my opinion. The whole Foreword EP is great!
Boys Don't Cry: Album Art + Tracklist
If Frank ever decides to release his album, i've been waiting (and following up) with news speculation for over a year and have placed the biggest rumors in the description. #JULY2015 my ass
Untouchable - Pusha T
King Push co-signed 2 of my annotations for this song! This is definitely a highlight of my time here on Genius! This song slaps too! Here's the first one, here's the second. (11.12.15)
You might also likeCity of Stars - Logic
Just 3 days after Pusha cosigned the annotations above, Logic cosigned this annotation of mine! It just so happens to be my favorite song on his album The Incredible True Story! (11.15.15)

First Annotation:
Bay City Rollers - Saturday Night
I've come such a long way lmao
Song "Guardian" for pages (so I don't forget):
"Change Locations"- Drake and Future