L, P, L
Too fat! Too gluttonous!
I'm too fat for y'all
Too fat! Too gluteus!
I'm too fat for y'all
I just got ribs and put on your bib
What you going to do? Eat the food!
When your boy has a party at his brand new crib
What you going to do? Eat his food!
Stop to buy milk and they giving free samples
What you going to do? Eat the food!
And now the people be laughing at you 
Boy, what you going to do? Eat some food!
Eating out steaks ribs and shish-ka-bobbers
For dessert and dreaming some cherry cobbler
Masticate on some roast beef then I hit the lamb
Tables next to the buffet because they know who I am (FFB!)
Need some food served up 'cause I be watching TV
Just ate Mexican dip so don't stand downwind from me
 getting burgers and shakes
Better give me two hours I got a dump to take
You might also likeYou think one kit-kat going to fill me? Give me a break!
The state issued me my own license plate
They call me Hamburgler but all I stole is fries
If I decide to bend over you better avert your eyes
Pop-tarts in the toaster some eggs in the stove
Toast in the oven Golden Grahams in my bowls
And vericose veins showing all over my sides
Not sure what's bigger: my apetite or my thighs
Just punk just tripped up and served you extra soup
Tell me what you going to do? Eat the food!
Your girl's plate's half-full but she says she's through
Tell me what you going to do? Eat her food!
If you got late bills and you lost your job
Tell me what you going to do? Eat some food!
If you got emotional problems and you're starting to sob
Tell me what you going to do? Eat some food!
Let's hurry to the mall I think I'm getting thinner
Only pro's like me can handle food court for dinner
And people just stare because it was I who farted
Gas goes out fatties stuffed fills my hearted
At the picnic at the park brats on the grill
It's not complicated but I probably eat a reel
When it's my birthday I eat all I can handle
I have my cake I eat it too plus I eat the candles
My girl and I just broke up so I eat when I weep
One meal of mine would feed me for a week
When I pull my pants down or look in that direction
Can't even see it when I have an erection
It's me coming in then a T-Rex you heard
Cheetos on my house because all the points I earn
And you know once you popping there ain't no stopping
And it's hard to move fast, 'cause I chafe when I'm walking!
The other team and they straight whopped your ass
Tell me what you going to do? Eat some food!
Your Xbox just broke and you're all depressed
Tell me what you going to do? Eat some food!
The dog walked away before finishing his kibbles
Tell me what you going to do? Eat his food!
And your bro ordered China fill but only had a few nibbles
Tell me what you going to do? Eat the food!
I got my thighs spread wide and my mouth wide open
Haven't stuck to a diet yet but cheers to hoping
I'm off the Atkins diet and feeling tipsy
Cholorestoral tops out at like one hundred and fifty
Rolling to Burger King on my way to Subway
Two hundred sliders for a five then it's Chick-Fil-A
Bought some Dots at the movies and they fell on the floor
Girl's mad, ate them up like two-by-four
And all I want to do is eat some spaghetti and balls
My new name is diet because I failed them all
When I'm in my backward wild duck spectucalar
I sat down too fast, my pants ripped like Arnold
Best friend, life, Ronald McDonald
Have one taco two burritos triple beans
At the appendix, banana cream
Your girlfriend's mom served up the worst meal you've had?
What you going to do? Eat the food!
Tiger Woods came for dinner so you're making them greens
Tell me what you going to do? Eat some food!
Just put on your jogging pants but they just too small
Tell me what you going to do? Eat some food!
Anything happens, anything at all
Tell me what you going to do? Eat some food!
Too fat! Too gluttonous!
Tell me what you going to do? Eat some food!
Too fat! Too glutenous!
Tell me what you going to do? Eat some food!
Too fat! Too gratuitous!
Eat some food
Eat some food
What you going to do? Eat some food
What you going to do? Eat some food