Gotta run, gotta run, gotta hide
Gotta run, gotta run, gotta hide
From the way I'm feeling inside
It forms the way I'm showing outside
And it's got me askin

Why, Why, Why, Why?
Am I having so much trouble saying goodbyes?
Why, Why, Why, Why?
Why do I only know how to run, not to hide

And your lies they leave me tongue-tied
And with you, my lungs, they get tight
Stop asking about my sign
If we weren't compatible then why'd I fuck, right?
You're sweeter than a Turkish delight
But you ain't ever hesitate to call me out, right?
You ain't ever hesitate to start a fight
But then I always hesitate to say that we're fine
Fuck, Wizz again, another love song
He's in his feels again, I wonder what's wrong
Another unreleased again, nah, this ain't coming out till I'm said and done
(Until I'm said and done, done)
You might also likeYou got me on the run
Girl you're lucky I don't keep a gun
My time has just begun
And you're here telling yourself

Why, Why, Why, Why?
Am I having so much trouble saying goodbyes?
Why, Why, Why, Why?
Why do I only know how to run, not to hide

Why, Why, Why, Why?
Can't I find a place where I can confide?
(Fide, Fide)
Come find me
Sipping on that purple shit
Mix music potions
Pour it out in a song
I'll deal with my emotions by myself, by myself, taking no chance
And uh, baby girl, baby girl, you can't have this dance
Oh yeah, Pouring up, Indica, Let's take a pick
And while I'm talking to you, yeah, she'll be sucking my dick
And my love just like some glue and I'm hoping it sticks
Been thinking bout death and I romanticize it
I know I do too much
Need to let go, I got a case of true love
You're just another ho
But that's what I like about ya
But you got a hold on my heart, you're the snatcher
Came into the club looking fly, I'm the man, uh
Heard you talking shit
Well you better watch your manners
Yeah bitch I'm next up, next up
Yeah playing bitches like they Xbox, Xbox ay

Why, Why, Why, Why?
Am I having so much trouble saying goodbyes?
Why, Why, Why, Why?