Everybody wants love, but everybody's afraid of love
You know, I'm a true believer that if you get anything out of life
You've got to put it with the toils and strife
Now listen.  Oooh
You're pushing my love a little bit too far
I don't think you know
I don't think you know how blessed you are
And your friend Annie Mae tell you all she see
Have you ever thought she was trying to get close to me?
Yeah
Think it over
Think it over, girl
Think it over
Look
That's the way I feel about cha
(That's the way I feel about cha.)
And if that's being weak for you, darling, yeah
I don't mind, I don't mind, I don't mind, I don't mind
That's the way I feel about cha
Oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh
That's the way I feel about cha
I know you been hurt and so has many others too
But that's a sacrifice that life puts you through
Puts you through, puts you through
Trust in me, my dear
Have no fear
You don't know, but God might have sent me here, yeah
(Sent me here)
Think it over
Think it over.  (Think)
You better think it over
Hmmm, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
You might also like'Cause that's the way I feel about cha
(That's the way I feel about cha.)
Let me say, yeah, yeah
That's the way I feel about cha
Whoa, oh, oh, oh
(That's the way I feel about cha.) I knew, I knew
You know, you know, you know, you know
(That's the way I feel about cha.) Well
That's the way I feel about ya.  (That's the way I feel about cha.)
Please, please
Please answer love, if it ever comes knocking at your door
(Well, I don't care.)
'Cause what's out there knocking, baby, (Darling)
The world don't give enough of, don't give enough of
I know you been hurt and so has others too
But all you got to do is ask about the changes that life has put them through
Lord have mercy
This is just the way it is
Listen
Don't take my love as a sign of weakness
Check into the situation, girl
Dig a little bit deeper
'Cause that's the way I feel about cha
Oh, that's the way
(That's the way I feel about cha.) Wahhhhhhhhh, hold on
That's the way, that's the way, that's the way I feel about cha
(That's the way I feel about cha.)
I wanna testify this here.  (That's the way I feel about cha.)
So if I'm weak for you and I don't light up
(That's the way I feel about cha.)
Well, don't you lead me back.  (That's the way I feel about cha.)
Let me say it, say it, say it, (That's the way I feel about cha.)
Say it, say it, say it.  (Well.)