Waves of sadness  crashing against the shores of unsureness ...
So hard for me to understand when doctors they cannot cure this
I wish I could take away your pain, I wish I could trade places
Man, I just want you to be OK
Man, I just wish I could erase this
I know the life has a funny way, so I'm not complaining
While I still got you here, I still got you here
I hope that you can hear this!
Don't give up, don't give up on us
I just want you to hear this! Don't give up on us!
See, when you were two I was born
And when I was two you were four
And when I was four, you were six
And now I'm just sitting here reminiscing
You are more than just my brother, we grew up just like best friends
I know that nothing lasts forever, but I don't want this to end
So don't give up, don't give up on us!
I just want you to hear this! Don't give up on us!
I'll love you 'til your last breath, to the last drop, past death
'Til forever ends and that's never
And I won't stop loving you ever
Do you understand?
'Til your last breath, to the last drop, past death
'Til forever ends and that's never
Man, I won't give up on you ever
Please just hear this!
You might also likeSometimes you gotta walk through the darkness to get to the light
Sometimes you gotta get through the wrong shit to get through the right
Alright! No matter how hard life gets, still gotta fight
Sometimes you gotta walk through the darkness to get to the light
And if love is real then love can heal, and on the real I would die for you
Say if love was real then love can heal, and on the real I would die for you
So don't give up, so don't give up, don't give up on us!
I know you hear this
Don't give up, don't give up on us
I know that can hear this
Don't give up, don't give up on us
Sometimes you gotta walk through the darkness to get to the light
Sometimes you gotta get through the wrong shit to get through the right
Alright! No matter how hard life gets, still gotta fight
Sometimes you gotta walk through the darkness to get to the light
I'll never give up on you, so don't give up on us
You still gotta fight, you still gotta fight
Please don't give up, Just don't give up
I had a dream last night and everything was alright
And you were walking, and you were talking just like everything was alright
And I know it was for a reason, I won't stop believing, I won't
And if the angels call your name
Baby please tell them you're staying
And if the angels call your name
Baby please tell them that you're staying
I know that you can hear this
I know that you can
Don't give up, don't give up on us
Hear me, hear this
Please hear this, hear this
Die without you, I would die without you, would die without you
I will die without you, die without you, I will die without you
I can't survive without you, will die without you