Boy, be quiet, follow me and tip toe
Don't wanna make too much noise, sneakin' in your window
So pull down the shades 'cause my neighbors are kind of nosy
Comfy, cozy, now off with the clothes-y
Can I get a witness? Body like fitness
Baby, we can do it, take your time, do it right
Mm, lick my belly button, whisper sweet nothings
In my ear to put my hormones in gear
Now mama's little baby loves toast and jam
Melts in your mouth but not in your hands (Black puddin')
Separates the boys from the men
You can knock all day, Jehovah, but you can't get in
Maybe you can get a scoop, if you're really all of that
And you can leave your fake fingernails in my back
Now I may not be a lady, but I'm surely all woman
So check it, the proof is in the puddin' (Hey)

Can I get a lick? Can I get a lick? What?
Can I get a lick? Can I get a lick? What?
Can I get a lick? Can I get a lick?
I wanna get a taste of your pudding

Must be Jell-O, 'cause puddin' don't jiggle like that
Yeah, ain't that a fact?
See SWV LiveGet tickets as low as $54You might also like
Pull out your spoon and let's begin the mixin'
Always in the bedroom, never in the kickity-kitchen
You can get busy with your head beneath the blanket
Flip it, spank it, gettin' buck naked
'Cause women in the 90s want more from a brother
Than a part-time lover who's whack undercover
So brothers, do your duty when it comes to the bedroom
(Don't let him eat the puddin' if he ain't got the head room)
So, dip, dip, dive if you wanna be a diver
Sport the helmet with a light like an old gold miner
No need to taste test, the puddin's always fresh
So, brothers, wear a bib if you're gonna make a mess

Can I get my spoon in? No way
Yo, can I get my spoon in? No way
Yo, can I get my spoon in? No way
I'd really pay you Tuesday for some puddin' today

Now I eats more puddin' than old folks play bingo (Play bingo)
Parker Lewis can't Lose in Santa Domingo (Domingo)
What about Atlanta? (Atlanta) Shoots more gift than Santa (Than santa)
On Saturday night, I'm liver than Rosanne Rosanna-Danna
So, holy moly, a bear hug couldn't hold me
Play ring-around-the-rosie in Beverly Hills with Axel Foley
Jumpin' Jiminy, I express nativity
Here I come, here I come like Santa down the chimney
Girls think I'm neat-o, they're grabbing my torpedo
I get frantic like the Pink Panther swattin' a mosquito
Duh-dun, duh-dun, I guess it's 'cause I'm handsome
So give the finger to Orville Redenbacher and his grandson
Oh, uh
(Hey)
Oh, uh
Oh, uh
Oh, uh
(Hey)
Oh, uh
Oh, uh

Can I get a lick? Can I get a lick? What?
Can I get a lick? Can I get a lick? What?
Can I get a lick? Can I get a lick, girl?
I wanna get a taste of your puddin'

Proof is in the puddin', so come get a taste
I know that you love it from the smile on your face
Up and down like a slinky, let's get kinky
The cream in the middle of a Twinkie
'Cause I like my men cocked, diesel
And if you're unleaded then nigga, just forget it
You can't rub my back or kiss my neck either
With your sniffy, sneezy, coughy, achy, stuffy head fever
Undercover lover, in between the sheets
As the bed springs creaks, while I rips up the beat
'Cause brothers love the puddin' like Lucy loves Ricky
Joanie loves Chachi, or Mickey loves Minnie
But I hate gettin' hickies on my neck in the summer
'Cause wearing a turtle neck is a bummer
I heats up the mic 'til your blood pressure rises
It ain't the kind of puddin' Bill Cosby advertises
Pull out your spoon and let us begin