Baby Put Down the Drink
And baby Put Down the bottle
You're startin' to sink
And when you're down on your knees, it's so hard to swallow
Aah-aahaah-aahaah-aah-aah
Aah-aahaah-aahaah-aah-aah

Your heart is beatin' like a loaded gun
What's done is done, and you're spinnin' in circles
Where's the girl that I used to know?
Why did you let her go?
You know I loved her so!

It's never any more than one for me, but always two or three for you

Baby Put Down the Drink! (Oh-ho)
And baby Put Down the Bottle! (Whoa-oh)
You're startin' to sink (Oh)
And when you're down on your knees, it's so hard to swallow

I don't wanna see you go this way
Feelin' like tomorrow's just a yesterday
I hate the way it is, and to tell you the truth
It's killin' me and it's killin' you!
I can't stand all the ups and downs!
The backin' force and the round and round!
The in and outs of the slammin' doors
It's tearin' me apart I can't take no more!
You might also like

Baby Put Down the Drink! (Oh-ho)
And baby Put Down the Bottle! (Woah-oh)
You're startin' to sink (Oh)
And when you're down on your knees, yeah it's so hard to swallow
I want us back like we were before, not like the broken glass lyin' on the floor (Baby Put Down the Drink!)
Put Down the Drink!
And baby Put Down the bottle!
Put down the bottle!

It feels like it's all slippin' away I wish I had you like it has you (Oh)
It feels like it's all slippin' away I wish I had you!


Baby Put Down the Drink
And baby Put Down the bottle
You're startin' to sink
And you get high when you're down, but I'm watchin' you fall!

So baby Put Down the Drink! (Oh-ho)
Baby Put Down the Bottle! (Whoa-oh)
You're startin' to sink! (Oh)
And when you're down on your knees, yeah it's so hard to swallow!
I want us back like we were before, not like the broken glass lyin' on the floor (Baby Put Down the Drink!)
Oh, Put Down the bottle! (When you're down on your knees, yeah it's so hard to swallow!)
Put Down the Drink! (Swallow)
Put Down the bottle!
Your heart is beatin' like a loaded gun