"I've never really viewed myself as particularly talented
Where I excel is ridiculous
Sickening work ethic, you know?
While the other guy's sleepin'... I'm workin'
While the other guy's eatin', I'm workin'
I have a great time with my life
And... I wanna share it."

Most people wake up if you ever turn the (Lights on, lights on, lights on, lights on...)
Cause it mess's up their dreams, they get mad like a (Python)
Just like you, I'm tryna live my life (Right)
And in the fight of life, turn on the (Lights)
And if you do that, then you'll be fine, yeah
Cause I remember dreaming, dreaming as a kid
Of me getting older
Uh, and exactly what I'ma do, yeah-eah
I had to get ready 'cause
I didn't know what time or place
To make my dreams come true, yeah-eah

Then later on...
I learned that you can't talk to losers bout winning
It ain't their language, they ain't never gonna get it
And anything I can think of, I can make it come true
Just look at me now
I'm on DREAM II
You might also like
My nigga Rico Love said turn the (Lights on, lights on, lights on, lights on...)
Cause you can see the truth a whole lot better with the (Lights on, lights on, lights on, lights on...)
Don't be afraid to turn the (Lights on, lights on, lights on, lights on...)
I've learned to dream with the lights on (Lights on, lights on, lights on...)

"I want my life
I want my, my work, my, my my family
I want it to mean something, and it's like, it has...
If, if you are not making someone else's life better
Then you're wasting your time"
"The first step before anyone else in the world believes it is you have to believe it
There's no reason to have a Plan B because it distracts from Plan A"

And I've learned you can't tell everybody your plans
Cause sometime your dreams are bigger than them (Ooo-ooo-oooh)
You just gotta find your own place to grow
& just let your actions show them

So take it from me, yeah
I learned that you can't talk to losers bout winning
It ain't their language, they ain't never gonna get it
And anything I can think of, I can make it come true
Somebody turn the lights on (In here!)
I learned that you can't talk to losers bout winning
(Somebody turn the lights on, in here!)
It ain't their language, they ain't never gonna get it
And anything I can think of, I can make it come true
Just look at me now
I'm on DREAM II
My nigga Rico Love said turn the (Lights on, lights on, lights on, lights on...)
Cause you can see the truth a whole lot better with the (Lights on, lights on, lights on, lights on...)
Don't be afraid to turn the (Lights on, lights on, lights on, lights on...)
I've learned to dream with the lights on (Lights on, lights on, lights on...)

"Greatness is not this... uh... wonderful, esoteric, illusive
Uh... God-like feature that only the special among us, uh, will ever taste
You know? It's something that truly exists, in... all of us
It's very simple
This is what I believe
And... I'm willing to die for it
Period. It's that simple"
(I know how I am and I know what I believe)
"I know who I am, I know who, what I believe
(That's all I need to know) And that's all I need to know"
So from there, you do what you need to know, you know?
And I think, what happens is, we make this situation more complex than it has to be
(Because we're looking for complexity, it's got to be something complex to understand)
It can't be that easy (No)"
"The separation of talent and skill is one of the, the, the
The greatest misunderstood concepts for people who are trying to excel, who have dreams, they wanna do things
Talent, you have naturally
Skill is only developed by hours and hours and hours of beating on your craft"
"I think that
There's a certain... delusional quality
That all successful people... have to have
You have to believe that something different than what has happened
For the last... 50-illion years of history
You have to believe that something different can happen"
"Being realistic is the most-commonly travelled road to mediocrity
Why would you be realistic?
What's the point of being realistic?
(Just put up a burden)
I'm gon' do it, it's done, that's already done
The second I decide it's done, it's already done