MORTAL KOMBAT!

I don't mean to brag, but you're kinda screwed
I been runnin' this show since '92
Mortal Kombat's back and if I were you
I'd run and hide, cause I'm not the kind of guy to lose
You're an amateur, cause when I'm fighting you
I can't even tell what the fuck you're tryin' to do
Givin' ya broken bones and every kind of bruise
By the time I'm through, you'll wanna ice it, dude
(GET OVER HERE!) Time to die, you noob
I'm gonna rip your guts out from inside of you
Open a portal, hold onto both sides of you
And when I close it, you're gonna divide in two
(I don't wanna lose!) You don't have to play
If you're a button masher, then disaster waits
They're gonna have a closed casket at your wake
Why? Cause you didn't even have a face
You'll be wrapped in flames
Whiplash with chains and massive pain
A masochist's happy place
Better go back over to the practice ring
Cause you couldn't keep up at half the pace
Gonna kick your ass like I was Cassie Cage
Snap a selfie, then I'm gonna tag your face
I don't have a degree, but I'm practically
A self-employed expert in anatomy
You might also like
We stay alive just to fight for another night
I'm crushin' skulls, breakin' bones, livin' 'till I die
On my knees
Fatalities

If your death was quick, then it was not me
When I make an entrance, here's Johnny!
Rip out your throat, shove it in your mouth
If I'm Liu Kang, that's what I'm all about
Trust me, I'm not a hero
My body temperature is Sub-Zero
Don't play with icicles it'll get you killed
And my rhymes are the kind that'll give you chills
This I spit is the shit that kills
Burns worse than a bad acidic spill
Melt your face just for fun
Then I'll rip your head off with my tongue
Rearrange you like my name was Goro
Your head looks better when it's in your torso
Even though I'm mortal, I'm controlling forces
Just Like D'Vorah with a swarm of hornets
Call me Kenshi, pleased to meet ya
Can you keep up with your daddy, Takeda?
Put a blindfold on me watch me proceed to
Use telekinesis, I don't need to see ya
You wanna piece of me? Then I'll be Mileena
You're gonna want a little distance between us
See the teeth? They're gonna help me eat ya
If you marry me, you're gonna need a prenup
We stay alive just to fight for another night
I'm crushin' skulls, breakin' bones, livin' 'till I die
On my knees
Fatalities
My body splits and the blood sprays to the floor
Get up again, motherfucker, let's settle the score
Beggin' please
Fatalities

Hey yo, Kano, where you at?
Better not be me you're staring at
Then I'm on ya like Kitana, very fast
(Can't believe she's wearing that)
Are ya scared of me? I haven't spared you yet
You're the target I'll be sending arrows at
You think you're decked out? Courtesy of Erron Black
I got a pair of guns, are you prepared for that?
I can pack a punch just as hard as Jax
Then I'll blow blood bubbles with the gum I have
When my meter's down, I'll be comin' back
If my name's Kung Lao, don't touch the hat
Twist you up, tie your guts in a knot
Paint my face with your blood every time
No wonder why this might come as a shock
Guess nobody told ya "don't fuck with a god"
Save him, I've got you son of a bitch
Sonya Blade Energy Ring, Fiery Kiss
Your eyes so bright, gonna carve them right out
Ferra and Torr, we duck and toss
Playin' a game of Ferra Toss
Jacqui Briggs straight killin' it
God that's right bitch, no more tricks
I move so quick, Bionic Dash
Up, up I go with an Air-Ground Smash
Finally the shadows of light
Death to Raiden, the legacy of life
Shinnok's back with a fireball
Flames so big, gonna kill you all

We stay alive just to fight for another night
I'm crushin' skulls, breakin' bones, livin' 'till I die
On my knees
Fatalities
My body splits and the blood sprays to the floor
Get up again, motherfucker, let's settle the score
Beggin' please