And may not understand our prayers
We as a family in Jesus name
Would like to tell you the reason why we sing
Family
Someone asked a question
Why do we sing?
When we lift our hands to Jesus
What do we really mean?
Someone may be wondering
When we sing our song
At times we may be crying
And nothing's even wrong
I sing because I'm happy (I sing)
I sing because I'm free (His eye's on)
His eye's on the sparrow (that's the reason)
That's the reason why I sing
Glory, hallelujah (You're the reason)
You're the reason why I sing (come on, say glory)
Glory, hallelujah (thank you Jesus)
You're the reason why I sing
See Kirk Franklin LiveGet tickets as low as $53You might also likeSomeone asked a question (oh, glory, why do we sing?)
Why do we sing? (When we lift our hands)
When we lift our hands to Jesus (oh, what do we really mean?)
What do we really mean? (Someone may be wondering)
Someone may be wondering (when we sing our song)
When we sing our song (at times we may)
At times we maybe crying (ha, and nothing's even wrong)
And nothing's even wrong (this is the reason why)
I sing because I'm happy (I sing because)
I sing because I'm free
(Oh, I don't know why He does it but His eye's on)
His eye's on the sparrow (oh, that's the reason why I sing)
That's the reason why I sing (come on, lets say it again, glory!)
Glory, hallelujah (You're the reason why)
You're the reason why I sing (oh, hallelujah)
(I know I can get a witness in here, glory!)
Glory, hallelujah (You're the reason, Jesus)
You're the reason why I sing
(Ha, I know I'm right about it, I just wanna say glory!)
Glory, hallelujah (I give the praises to You)
I give the praises to You (oh, hallelujah)
(Glory, hallelujah)
Glory, hallelujah (You're the reason why)
You're the reason why I sing (listen)
And when the song is over (we've all said Amen)
We've all said Amen (and your heart just keep on singing)
And your heart just keep on singing (and the song will never end)
And the song will never end (listen)
(And if somebody asks you)
And if somebody asks you (was it just a show?)
Was it just a show? (Lift your hands and be a witness)
Lift your hands and be a witness
And tell the whole world, "No" (listen ssh, and when we cross that river)
And when we cross that river (to study war no more)
To study war no more (we will sing)
We will sing our song to Jesus (the one whom we adore)
The one whom we adore
(Come on family, let's take it home)
(I sing because)
I sing because I'm happy (I sing because)
I sing because I'm free
(I don't know why He does it, but His eye's)
His eye's on the sparrow (that's the reason)
That's the reason why I sing
(If you let me say one more time, can I say glory)
Glory, hallelujah (You're the reason why)
You're the reason why I sing
(Oh, because I love you Jesus, I wanna say glory)
Glory, hallelujah (oh, You're the reason Lord, You're the reason)
You're the reason why I sing (can I say it again, glory?)
Glory, hallelujah (I give the praises to You)
I give the praises to You (hallelujah, glory, hallelujah)
Glory, hallelujah (thank You, You're the reason why)
You're the reason why I sing
You're the reason why I sing
(You're my melody at midnight, Jesus)
You're the reason why I sing
(You're my song in my storm, Jesus)
You're the reason why I sing
(You're the healing in my heart, Jesus)
You're the reason why I sing
(You're the reason why)
You're the reason why I sing
Oh, I love You
I love Your name, Jesus
Glory, hallelujah
For the rest of my life, Jesus