DJ Clue, Desert Storm, Jagged Edge!, Jodeci!
 & (DJ Clue)
Come and talk to me, I really wanna meet you girl
I really wanna know your name (Fabolous!)
Whoa, come and talk to me, I really wanna meet, you girl
I really wanna, KNOW YOUR NAAAAAME (Professional 3!)
Oh yeah baby, cause you look so sexy you really turn me on
Blow my mind every time I, see your face girl (Clue!)
You look so sexy you really turn me on
Blow my mind every time I, see your face girl (c'mon!)

So sexy, yeah...
I need to know whatever they call you
Forever I'm loyal, do whatever to spoil you
The way you fit them jeans Seven should call you
That ass had me makin heavy withdrawals
I'm smooth when I approach and I stay on them stones
Make you move in with the coach and leave them players alone
We can talk 'bout it, get a bottle pull the cork out it
One convo' and then you in the condo (c'mon!)
I've been watchin' you, for so very long
I'm tryin' to get my nerve built up to be so strong
I really wanna meet you, but I'm kind of scared
Cause you're the kind of lady, with so much class
I get my thoughts together, for the very next day
But when I see you lately I forget what to say
Your eyes and hair, such a beautiful tone
The way you dress and walk, it really, turns me on
Yeah, oooh you really turn me on
C'mon, c'mon, c'mon
You might also like
Come and talk to me (my baby)
I really wanna meet you
Can I talk to you?
I really wanna know you
Come and talk to me
I really wanna meet you
Can I talk to you?
I really wanna know you

Ohh, oh oh oh, oh
There you are again, the same smile each day
I wanna know just what it is to make you feel this way
I wish I could grab you, tell you what it means to me
See you walkin' my way, and it really makes my day
Before I go to sleep and dream about you
I'm a single man and I hope that you are, single too (oh baby)
Tomorrow we'll see, somethin' to set my mind free
Cause curiosity is buggin' hell outta me
Yeah babe, Talk to me, talk to me, talk to me, baby

Come and talk to me (my baby)
I really wanna meet you
Can I talk to you?
I really wanna know you
Come and talk to me
I really wanna meet you
Can I talk to you?
I really wanna know you
, (DJ Clue) & {Fabolous}]
Said I wanna, know you baby
You wanna tell me your name - won't you tell me your name
I wanna play your game - let me play your game
Ohhhhhh - ohhh ohhh ohhh yeah
I wanna know (DJ Clue, Jagged Edge!, Jodeci!)
{Them J.E. Boys} Whoaaaaa (Fabolous!)
I wanna know {F to the A-B, whattup Clue? Yeah}
(Professional 3!) Said I wanna know you baby!

See I catch your girl eyes when I play the club
Cause they ain't seen a +Diamond+ dance like this
Since LisaRae in "The Player's Club"
They might say it's dubs but you see the way it rubs
I always say they must of missed a couple inches boo
I see them heels, you on a couple inches too
Come with me I'll show you what a couple inches do
But first, I was hopin' on
We could sit and talk, you know get our Oprah on
Or we could down martinis faster than Lamborghinis
On places where they only wear trunks and bikinis
I don't talk game like a sports commentator
That gets you sex now and a court problem later
I rather be real, cause even while havin' these mil's
I'm down to earth like gravity still
But you, look, so sexy
You really turn, me on and on and on
And on and on and on... and on and on and on
Yeah
Now I could sit here and call you my honey bun
Beggin' and pleading, and telling you I want some
But that don't fit the Jodeci format
You don't really need that 'cause that ain't where my head's at
Get cozy in my hideout
And if the skins all that, I'll let you know when I slide out
Girlfriend, you know my program
I mean I'm not cock diesel, but I'll be your Conan
Slide to this kid and get comfy
Close the door, dim the lights, press play and then pump me
Pump me like I was a booming system
You told me 'bout your man and how you used to miss him, and...
Notice how I said "used to"
Now I'll fill gap with a rap you'll get used to
'Cause with me, there's no pressure, no strain
I just want to know your name...
 & (DJ Clue)
Ohhhh (ha ha, ha ha!)
I wanna know... whoaaaaaaa whoa
Say whoa whoa wooooo
Won't you tell me your name
Say you look so good, yeah
Ohhh (Professional 3!)
Baby come on and take off all your clothes yeah
Let me lick you from head to toe ohhh - ohhhh
Baby don't you say no-no no-no no-no
Ohh no, ohh no no no
Don't you leave me lonely baby yeah yeah
Come on baby, come on baby
I wanna lick you from head to toe (DJ Clue, Desert Storm baby)
Come on baby, come on baby (Roc-A-Fella)