Turn the music up, uh uh uh, turn the music up
Old school, new school need to know this
I burn like Left Eye Lisa Lopez
Burn slow like blunts of hydro
Jigga Man, BK shit, y'all know
Jigga Man, ya heard? The fugitive..
Allow me to vent on this Clue shit
Allow me to say thanks to all the people for all their support, and the prayers
And all the people that pre-judge me: Fuck you, suck my dick...
D.A. act like a nigga starvin' for Jay
If they lock me in a cage, fuck it, party away
I'm still hot, I'm still S dot y'all
Still got millions buried in the sock drawer
Still holdin' my own on the corner, nigga
What can't kill me can only make me stronger, nigga
And when I get back home
Get your ass up out the throne
It's just goin' back to the way shit was
I'ma stay hot no matter what my shit does
I could drop a straight dud, I'ma stay up
Niggas tryin' to break my will
You know that ain't my steel
I'm Destiny's Child, my fate's been sealed
You're dealin' with a higher power
To them like Dwight Eisenhower
My life can move a thousand miles an hour
Reflect me folks
As my world turn like the wheel on a bicycle spoke
It's much deeper than a soap, it's a constant drama series
All they see is money, they want me to blind the jury
All this bullshit can make the mind weary
But my theory is the sun shines clearly, and
(The Sun will shine clearly!)
You might also like
Now everybody wanna rhyme like Hov'
'Cause I rhyme like I be rhymin' in the Rov'
Climbin' in them hoes
The mind like the diamond, I'll blind you at them shows
I don't shine, I glow
I remind you of that dough
Don't I? Murder niggas won't I?
My persona, hustler turned rapper, smell the crack aroma
Send shots like toma! in any language
Leave niggas in a coma when I'm bangin' that Fifth
Get chicks lit off Coronas and bamboo spliffs
And get the camcorder to cam-cord their hand movements
And for what? Y'all actin' like y'all better than Hov'
Y'all niggas should open up for the Letterman show
Niggas is funny
All I do is get money and y'all niggas sound funny to me
Everybody's rappin' like they better than Hov'
But that shit's real funny to me
I'm at the forefront of this rap shit, truth is truth
Look around at all the platinum, proof is proof
Listen to how niggas is rappin' - that's due to who?
But I'ma let niggas live 'cause it's beautiful

Live niggas...
Geah, Jigga Man ya heard?