This thing right here (Yeah, yeah)
Is for my peoples in the streets (Ha-ha)
And this thing right here (Ruff Ryders remix)
Will get your ass off your feet (C'mon)

They call me Drag-On, when it's time to bomb, I burn 'em all
'Til they all say turn 'em off, 'cause these chips, I'ma earn 'em all
Chickenheads know I be the Colonel 'cause I burn eternal
Mixed with the inferno, so be careful 'fore I burn you
You better learn dude
Yeah, I heard you, but I'ma hurt you, what, you don't know?
My versatile is a virtue
Ruff Ryders be the team, which means a lot cream, lot of schemes
Lot of beams to make your stock drop right on the seams
Nigga, here it's too hot and too much for you to touch
Better tell your man 'cause I'm too tough, indubitably, to dust
Do you bust? 'Cause we do, you could ask people
But quietly 'cause they don't believe until they leave violently
Is you buying this? 'Cause niggas that purchased is under the dirt, kid
They call me Drag-On, I'm the youngest, but get bonkers
Collabo-in' with my dogs from Yonkers
But this Bronx bomber's spittin' flame, so you better wear your armor, flame on

My dogs gon' stop, your dogs gon' drop
And then we gon' shut 'em down, open up shop
First we had 'em like "oh", now they like "no" (What, baby?)
That's how Ruff Ryders roll
My dogs gon' stop, your dogs gon' drop
And then we gon' shut 'em down, open up shop
First we had 'em like "oh", now they like "no" (What, baby?)
That's how Ruff Ryders roll
You might also like
When I pop up, I lock shop up, pull the drop up
Park a block up, hit the alarm, put the top up
Stash the 'dro in my sock then pull my sock up
And keep the burner, but if it's hot, put my Glock up
You know what I'm about, slidin' off, get my cock sucked
Or writin' rhymes watching Scarface in the hot tub
What you wanna bet when I pull it out
If you don't shout that every bullet'll go in and out?
Who you know besides 'Kiss take the piss in the bottle of Crist'
And then give it to a modelin' bitch?
And you like your watch plain, I'ma flood mine
Alligator bloodline trained to find coke and bite one time

Y'all niggas ain't hearin' me out, 'til I pop up
Appear in your house, clearin' it out Holiday style
Everybody actin' violent and wild
Snatch the wife, silence the child, that's how we move
Kill me, my man kill you, that's how you lose
I Ruff Ryde, I don't like to slide, felt that I slipped
Then the gun's only helpin' the clip and the clip's
Only helpin' my hand, and like, who the fuck is helpin' your man?
When I cock back and hop out the van
Double-R, get a job, play the shit in the car
Hit a party, start a fight at the bar, snatch your R
Sell your shit for some coke and get the fuck out of Dodge
Guess you figured that my niggas, flippers, pullin' triggers
News team crowd around tryna flick a picture
Get with ya, this bitch from Illadelph marches quicker
Nigga not makin' sense, better stay up off the liquor
Blonde bombshell, caramel, heavy spender
Groupies be sayin' I'm they sister, hush ya mouth 'fore I hit ya
Sickenin' wiseguys, fake thugs, and bullshitters
Take you for a ride, cover up your eyes, then I get ya
Used to be shier, now I'm a Ruff Ryder
Big niggas play me close when they used to ride by her
Snatchin' up your figures, frontin', know you dig us
Haters screamin', "Who that bitch?" Mind your business, nigga

My dogs gon' stop, your dogs gon' drop (Yeah)
And then we gon' shut 'em down, open up shop (DJ Clue, The Professional)
First we had 'em like "oh", now they like "no" (Part one, what, baby?)
That's how Ruff Ryders roll
My dogs gon' stop, your dogs gon' drop (Cashout, Donine Brasco)
And then we gon' shut 'em down, open up shop
First we had 'em like "oh", now they like "no" (Big Skate, Duro, what, baby?)
That's how Ruff Ryders roll (Clue)

The X is gonna hit y'all niggas hard, leave y'all niggas scarred
Fuckin' with the dog when you fuckin' with the God
Rip y'all niggas off, faggot niggas soft
Remember me from up North? I had you scared to cough
My name is ringin' bells in penitentiary cells
I'm making thugs rebel, ain't hard to tell
You never really wanted it, so the mic you jumped in front of it
Outta sixteen shots some'll hit, which one of you niggas am I gonna get?
Thought you knew what I was gonna spit, this time with this rhyme
But by the end of it, y'all niggas is gon' be like, "Yo X ripped it"
Did my thing as usual, it's never gon' stop
Them cats can't be for real, I got this shit locked
Is that a game or a joke? Say the name and get smoked
Simple as that, simple as "blap" to the throat
Hit 'em all up through the coat, now you losin' your life