Aye
Yeah
Yeah
Uh, You make me float... I feel so ascendant
I fuck that throat but you not offended
I love how you move when you move that
If I didn't know you then it's who dat
It's no roof, no floof, and no truth
It's my way
And straight to the point like highways or freeways
But no backstreets
And why them niggas hating.. tell them @ me
Moving like I'm packing... I'm packing
Aiming for your face.. call it acne
My nigga shaq acting like IMDB shit
Like we undefeated
Like never unseated
Likes 3's... from the half-court line
Save the shade 'cause I need my shine
Like two watches and two foxes on each arm 'cause my time and my bitches napalm
Like I be spitting like dentures and shit
I need a venture capitalist on the team like pronto and shit
Popular shit.. ain't nobody topping this shit
Honestly shit.. I'ma need my honors and shit
Woah
No patience, I been patient
I need my flowers right now.. I'm not waiting
I been pacing, back and forth, I'm impatient
I been working for a while and it's all greatness
They say don't say it
They say you can't say it
They say it only gets harder but I'm still staying
And I'm still praying
And I'm still paying for my past mistakes.. I'm on my last payment
Yeah and I never renege
So please don't ever front on the kid
I never fucked with the pigs
Keep my head on a swiv cause niggas always acting a bitch
I know you feel me
You might also likeLike who do you know that get down the way that I put it down
I don't trip off no bitch cause I know they gon' be back when I'm rich
Yeah
She thought she had me
She thought she bagged me
Your mistake
Miss me with the Ima stay
Ima dip
Ima hit the next chick with namaste
Im zen now
Ever since I dropped you, I can grin now
Like Vin now.. the flow is diesel
I mean the flow is lethal
I mean I swear this shit is art and the beat the easel
I mean them hoes is evil.. for something so feeble
Guess she seen a lot but it's too hard to believe you
Man it's funny though.. how you always leave me with the runny nose, sick
Playing like the victim.. moving funny though
Good God, guess I'm better off chasing money though
Silly me, don't you never ever let them come and go
But let them go
Don't even watch them leave
Don't even speak on 'em
Leave the shade to the trees
We wasting no time back to birds and the bees
Billion different niggas but it's only one of me
Like who do you know that get down the way that I put it down
I don't trip off no bitch cause I know they gon' be back when I'm rich
Like who do you know that get down the way that I put it down