Yeah..
Let me talk my shit, my niggas got my six
Most niggas whip work, all in the flick of the wrist
I don't got time for the risk, 12 in the mix
I need a room at the Ritz, throwin' a telly for kicks
All of the women are mixed, all of the Henny is straight
I don't got time to be fake
All of the billing is paid, keep all the feelings at bay
Smoking you out at the bay, you could be bae
That's not some shit that I usually say
I just evade, dodge 'em and get out the way
I think that you got that way
You got the juice to be honest, the pussy the bombest, you got it you got it
I slide you some commas..
First I gotta get some commas
Most of these niggas still in they pajamas
They still been sleepin' on me, Tempur-pedic homie, so I'm still skatin' in the Honda
I wanna slide right up in Benihana's, send like a meal (mil) to my mama
Do it forever no commas, fuck up some commas, fuck up some condoms
Fuck it, I'm just being honest
Fuck it I don't want a 9 to 5, I wanna run around, I wanna multiply
I got the thunder now, feel like I'm fortified
That makes me wonder now, who got the forty-five?
Like a Colt 45? or a Colt 45?
Only 21 but my soul 45
Never seen a nigga drive drunk when he high
Hotbox the whip down the highway, only going 45
All of us are leanin' sideways, you can't even see my eyes
You might also like(Chorus)
Pull up, five deep, women in every seat
Roll up, five G's, loudy don't come wit the seeds
Comin' for fun, they comin' for fun, girlies just wanna have fun
Comin' for fun, they comin' for fun, girlies just wanna have fun
Pull up, five deep, women in every seat
Roll up, five G's, loudy don't come wit the seeds
Comin' for fun, they comin' for fun, girlies just wanna have fun
Comin' for fun, they comin' for fun, girlies just wanna have fun
(Part 2)
Pull up, pickin' her up, player ass nigga no luck.. needed
Pop in a movie then fuck, she got that drive when she suck.. seeded
She got that body control, shawty don't gotta reload
Crazy, she bad and she know, so she outta control.. eyes on the road
I need a woman from coach, I need a woman wit class, I need a woman wit both
I need a woman wit ass, I need a woman to glo.. wit
Argue and grow wit, never be bringin' up old shit.. that be that shit
Man I just wanna be chillin', don't bring all that bullshit to my side
I don't take shit this my life
I raise yo' two cents by five
I times those 2/10's by 5
Now I got 10 on it, media spin on it
That means I'm taking these shots and I'm still walkin'
Playin' for bucks like it's Milwaukee
I'm like a mil walkin'
I want a mil or we not talkin'
I know I work and my worth, comin' for what I deserve
I been finesse-in' my words, I been finesse-in' the verbs
I been evadin' the birds, puttin' all in the verse.. church
I bet she feelin' the thirst
I'm.. blessed, burnin' away all the stress
Strapped wit a vest, hittin' me right in the chest
Yes, work over rest, never arrest
(Chorus)
Pull up, five deep, women in every seat
Roll up, five G's, loudy don't come wit the seeds
Comin' for fun, they comin' for fun, girlies just wanna have fun
Comin' for fun, they comin' for fun, girlies just wanna have fun
Pull up, five deep, women in every seat
Roll up, five G's, loudy don't come wit the seeds
Comin' for fun, they comin' for fun, girlies just wanna have fun