But I do... I do..
We had all the same classes and same schools since kindergarden
Why you're Jamie Sullivan.. you sit at lunch table 7. You have exactly one sweater, you like to look at your feet when yo walk. Oh and yeah, for fun, you like to tutor on the weekends)
She said your minds amazing so we should skip some bases
Like fuck the get to know you stage.. I ain't got the patience
If I love you now... can I say it?
Will you return the favor or wait till later?
I'm like, baby girl, you just my flavor
I hate to beat around the bush just to please a hater
I mean, who's to say that love can't happen in one month or one minute
It's just us, let's jump in it, no warm up
Cause I feel it and that's luck
But that don't come around all the time so don't fuck it up
Usually I fuck and evade
This time I don't wanna bang it
I melt when she singing
I hope that she know she like my flower.. let's grow up
I water you, you water me, we only get older
I'm glad that I found mine
I'm glad that I found time
I'm slowing down.. I'ma keep this one around
(as) Long as I'm lifting her up, she gon' keep holding me down
You might also likeI can't find you
Girl you got that fucking brain on you and you fine too
I been searching for the right time
This the right time
I'ma slide in the night time
You should make time
Girl I'm tryna be all about you
I ain't tryna move without you
If you down to roll.. I'm bout too
Baby if you down, I'm down too
I mean it's 2019
I'm tryna do the right thing
I kicked my ex off the team and hit my girl with the beam
Like shots or, M4's or OpFor
Like two more for my opps and encore
Like C4, I done seen the sea floor
Now I'm tryna blow up
Can a nigga see more?
Like can a nigga record and get this money before I get to old to reap what I sow
I try to keep myself grounded and keep my feet to the floor
I mean this shit is astounding.. I love that girl to the core
I mean she all that I need
I mean I couldn't want more
I mean she holding me down
I mean fuck cutting the cord
I mean them strings come attached
Jeans with the patch
You could always do better but find some peace where you at
I found my peace with the rap
I keep that piece on my lap
That's my nine and my bitch and she gon' aim for your cap (pow)
I can't find you
Girl you got that fucking brain on you and you fine too
I been searching for the right time
This the right time
I'ma slide in the night time
You should make time
Girl I'm tryna be all about you
I ain't tryna move without you
If you down to roll.. I'm bout too