Alright, alright
Put your hands together in this place, uh
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Here we are, let's get on one accord
Leave all your problems on the outside
To be consumed with the Holy Ghost fire
Open up your mouth and lift the name of Jesus higher, say
Are you ready for your blessing? (Are you ready?)
Are you ready for your miracle?
For the chains that come from the enemy
Are utterly destroyed when the praises ring, so say
Hallelujah (Thank you, Jesus), thank You, Jesus
He's exalted forever, so (Let the praise begin)
Lord, I love You (No one above You)
No one above You (Just put your hands together and let)
Let the praise begin
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (I now I've told You we was comin' to praise You)
Yeah, yeah, yeah (Uh, say)
I know it might be tough to get yo praise on
Trials of life been catching you all week long
If you don't have a reason to praise Him, let me give you one
He gave you a brand new mercy with the rising of the sun, say, hey
You might also likeAre you ready for your blessing? (Are you ready?)
Are you ready for your miracle? (Hey)
For the chains that come from the enemy
Are utterly destroyed when the praises ring, are you
Are you ready for your blessing? (Hey, hey, are you ready, say)
Are you ready for your miracle?
For the chains that come from the enemy
Are utterly destroyed, yes, they don't stay, when your praises ring
Hallelujah (Hallelujah), thank You, Jesus (Thank you, Jesus)
He's exalted forever, so (Let the praise begin)
(Ah) Lord, I love You (No one above You)
No one above You (Just put your hands together, say it)
Let the praise begin
Hallelujah (Hallelujah), thank You, Jesus (Thank you, Jesus)
He's exalted beyond measure, say (Let the praise begin)
(Hey) Lord, I love You (And there ain't nobody like You)
No one above You (Let's lift our voice together, say)
Let the praise begin
Are you (Are you ready for your blessing?)
You might as well clap your hands
Are you ready (Are you ready for your miracle?)
For the chains that bind up the enemy
Are at your disposal when your praises ring
But are you (Are you ready for your blessing?)
Are you ready for your blessings, come on, tell me
Are you ready for your miracle? (Are you ready for your miracle?)
For the chains that come when the enemy
Are utterly destroyed, yes, they are, when your praises ring
Raise up (Raise up)
Send the praise up (Send the praise up)
Raise up in here (Raise up)
Send the praise up (Send the praise up)
Throw your hands in the air (Raise up)
And wave 'em from side to side (Send the praise up)
'Cause He's here (He's here right now)
Right now (Come on)
Raise up (Raise up)
Send the praise up (Send the praise up)
Shout unto God (Raise up)
Shout unto God (Send the praise up)
Clap your hands (Raise up)
Stomp your feet (Send the praise up)
Shake your head (He's here)
I don't care what you gotta do
But what you need to know is
Victory (Is in your praise)
Is in your praise (Is in your praise)
Your protection (Is in your praise)
For your children (Is in your praise)
Salvation (Is in your praise)
For your whole family (Is in your praise)
Deliverance (Is in your praise)
And because you praise Him, know this (He's here)
Know this (He's here)
Right now (He's here)
He's here (He's here)
He inhabits (He's here)
The praises of His people (He's here)
He shuts up and dwells (He's here)
Right where you are
Come on, you might as well praise Him up in here
Are you, say (Are you ready for your blessings)
Are you ready, ayy (Are you ready for your miracle?)
For the chains that come when the enemy
Are utterly destroyed and fail when your praises ring
Are you, clap your hands (Are you ready for your blessings)
Are you ready, ayy (Are you ready for your miracle?)
For the chains that bind up the enemy
Are at your disposal when the praises ring
Come on, say