Niggas didn't think I was go comin' with fat shit
Y'know I sayin'? Uh, what? Throwin' up y'all
What, what, what, y'know?
Yeah, this is Warren G
Y'know I sayin'? Put it down
Get ready to put it down like that
Just to y'all know, this ain't bullshit here, y'know?
So uh... I go here
Laid this motherfucker down for y'all
And y'all keep your hands with that throwin' up

Yeah, yeah, yeah, check it, check it
Well... Kinda hungry
Have you eaten? (Hardly any)
Walking down Sunset Boulevard in L.A. (uh-huh)
I had this miner on the lock, she said
"That muthafucker look finer than a fuck"
But he's an East Coast cat pure jelly ass
Nigga kick a rap that can impress my L.A. ass
Disrespect, when I didn't deserve it
Hey you acting like earning the best rapper walk the earth yet (no)
I guess some big tymer tapping her
I huff, and puff, blew her fat rat ass off
Blaze her, shit, in the face
The most rapper why she acting like it didn't know me
While I pulls up on her Rolls I gets in it
I'm like bitch it's best you write down your number this minute (Catching her going)
Just sparking off and she came to her sister before the car took off, because
You might also like
We know what to do, if we give you the chance
You'll fall in love
And all the time won't remain
The way you look
Your touch is fine
But I won't let you blow my mind

Lodi Dodi, we like to party
My nigga Slick Rick can still rock a party
It was 12:15 when I hit the scene
Fresh out from L.A. touching JFK
I was on my way to go get my bays
I'm a real one from L.A so I gots to say
I hit my nigga Slick Rick and said I'm in town
Get some puerto rican freaks 'cause it's got to go down
So we hit every girl in the N-Y-C
I'm rush associated, so what's up with me
We fucked and flee off the hennesy
Girl just for me, hit'em all for free beyatch!

We know what to do, if we give you the chance
You'll fall in love
And all the time won't remain
The way you look
Your touch is fine
But I won't let you blow my mind
What? Fast as suave-a
Boss will flip the script
The number one draft pick, so the G's is thick
Roll with Rick, nigga that'll roll with me
Every man feel free when he making a G
Is money constant? And money all that I see?
I'ma breath this shit, money coming with me
What you want with it, the boss stay committed
To drunk trying to pive it still I bust the sickest, check it
Wreckless major carrots in my necklace
Black lence and go kill'em with Booga shit
Perfect it now the game's obtain
And this don pieces eyes peel jocking the ring
Trade the sex face, baby keep the pace
Lots to do, little time, and is love to make
Promise you my pearl, baby this my world
And even broke without a dime you still be my girl, what!

We know what to do, if we give you the chance
You'll fall in love
And all the time won't remain
The way you look
Your touch is fine