This DJ, he gets down
Mixing records while they go round
To the hip to the hop, you just don't stop
Producin' funky tracks 'til it makes you drop
Conjunction junction, what's my function?
I'm hookin' up tracks, so that niggas can function
It's not Pete Rock or that nigga Dr. Dre
It's this motherfuckin' nigga from around the way
The one that brings you styles on timesy, whimsy
That's why it's so hard to find me
Conduction, construction when I bust
Choo-choo, bustas, it's a must
When I bust, when I bust, I've gotta come correct
The, R to the E to the S-P-ect, architect
Yup, nigga, no, I'm not tweakin'
It's one of the sixteen minds that I'm speakin'
The W-A-the double the R-the E-N to the R
A-B-C-D-E-F (Uh-huh) to the motherfuckin' G (Hoo)
Ooh, shit, as I flex, I wrecks, I checks (Hehehehe)
So what's next?
You might also like
Oh, who's next to catch wreck on the menu?
I snap necks when I flex, let me continue
Send you on a mission when I rock
It goes on and on and on, and you know it don't stop
Yes, I'm back on another route, ready to take 'em all out
None can get with this, 'cause they get faded without a doubt
Check 'em, I wreck 'em like one-two-three, why
They can't fuck with that rude one Malik (Right)
Will I drop it? Can't stop it, lit it up like a rocket
When they get outta line, I grip that nine out my pocket
Lock it down, yeah, that's what I do
How could you come solo, nigga, when I run through your whole crew?
I rule, fool, act like you heard it
The one I run with, can't remember the last he murdered
Dem do away or dem get dealt with (Uh-huh)
Kill the noise, I want silence, no bombaclat bullshit
Nigga, it's all about my grip
So the one who starts to slip is the one who gets ripped
Kept a chip on my shoulder, not now that I'm older
They all of me, the LBG high roller
'Cause back in the days on the side where it's at (At)
Niggas comin' up missin' if they didn't have they strap (Straps)
So why try to be like me?
Just when you pull back a G and I think I'm Mr. Malik
Well, if the beat is funkadelic, then the tune is right
Mr. Malik and Warren G, so tonight's the night
That we spark
Yeah, we spark in the dark when we do it in the park

Well its the A to the B and the C to the D
An mi name is Mr. Malik with the DJ Warren G (Woo!)
Mr. Malik, can you hear me?
Yes, I'm the host with the most, they can't get close or even near me
I said, a tick tock, tickin' to the era
I said, a pick which Glock, bitches get shot, it's still terror
Terror, terror, pick which Glock, which one?
The black one with the big pin lock
Me and Dre in a five hundred, so those who wanna get dropped
Nigga go, "Knock, knock," I trigga flow non-stop
Fly double, I never slip trip or flip flop
The tune is funkadelic, the crew was right
But if Malik will make you smell it, then tonight's the night
For me to stay trump tight, down with my nigga Warren G
That's sorrow when you borrow, but you can't be owin' me
What's next? (Woo!)

I say, what's next? What's next? What's N-X-E-T?
It's me, Warren to the motherfuckin' G
Flowin' with my little homie named Malik
Yes, everybody will just tweak
Off the new style, ill ease that we got
Yes, it's me Warren G on the block
Pump pump, block Glock, let me just tick tock
It's me Warren G on the motherfuckin' rock 'n roll
Stroll, then stiff back to the rap
It's me with the big Black mack eleven strap
So let me, uh, flix to the flex
Hoo, so what's next? Aaah
Well, if the beat is funkadelic, then the tune is right
Mr. Malik and Warren G, so tonight's the night
That we spark