On me, homie
These fakes try to clone me
Girl's guys hit me up, phone runnin' on E
Englewood, girl I'm good, damn I'm on damon
Stop playin', everybody love spenz reign man
My vocabulary, Extraordinary
I be with bitches who look out of the ordinary
Cheese, cuz I get cheese, please that don't scare me
Me got an army, strong they are very
I like, All types, Judgin' women not fair G
Some dark, some light, and some white like berry
Thick chick, I swear I be in Diana like Gary
Stick shift, now she wet
Springer like I'm jerry
To be honest I'm the truth and to change you couldn't dare me
Hit his ass with that one two, one two, he need tooth fairy
I walk past security, and go straight to V.I.P.,
Livin' life, Luxury
So high, fuck is we?
Truth be told I do not know how many chicks I fucked this week
But for got
Damn sho know how many bucks this week
Man me so damn high, me got a bird's eye view
What you mean, been the king since king high school
I swear I ball like this before Kemo, Deja Vu
Name ring, taco bell, nigga I ain't talkin food
...?
Me A1 since day 1 fool
If you scared, go to church
Take yo ass to sunday school
Man with these women, got so many, don't think it won't ever change
Guess I'm too much like a penny for you I could never change
Come and be a bad girl and get on my good side
Hell yeah, it's possible, that's why you suck, I could drive
You niggas very funny like TBS, S-P-E-N-Z, yes c-b next
A young star in the makin', yeah CB that
Court date, what of course that Casey beat that
Now people talk in third person, I don't take it personal
But that's not what a person do, That's for them Steve Urkel dudes
I'm a wolf, you a sheep
I could take on a herd of you
Malice in yo heart for me, I don't remember hurtin' you
You thought you hot, then Wa La magic, mutha fucka ...?
God got me eatin' good, he like that's what that church's do
I'm killin' shit, where my hearse, you fuckin' up the churches .?
Keep them squares out yo circle too
Yes I know that they so innocent but the will murda you
Yeah money can't buy love, but I bet I could purchase you
You thinkin' local, bitch I'm tryna get that universal loot
She ain't nothin' If I tell you what to me some words will do
I just light it up and let it burn just like Usher do
YURN! YURN!
MERCH THAT!
NIGGA MERCH THAT!
MERCH THAT!
NIGGA MERCH THAT!
RICH CREW MUHH FUCKA
YURN! YURN!
YURN! YURN!
YURN! YURN!