What what what what what what what (where tha fuck u come from plaa...)
Hey...hey....hey...hey...hey

I can see it in your eye that you a bitch nigga
When you got beef you run and hide cuz you'z a bitch nigga (FRANCHIZE!!)
You gonna ride on a bitch nigga
And you gon' die if you try me like a bitch nigga

He's a bitch nigga (yeah) and my cliq yeah we peeped it
Imma tell Victoria that we found out her secret
Nigga try to stand up so the money he tried to keep it
So we had to make examples leave a niggas leakin'
Can't worry bout' a bitch cuz im tryin to get a mil
You already got tha' look all you need is some high hills
And when we raise our voice these niggas droppin' tils
I ain't brand nigga i been doin this shit for years
(You'z a bitch nigga)
So we have to bust them niggas head
Hol' up lil shawty man i think that nigga scared
We cashin' big 10's
I ain't gon' think about akky?? bread
You tried me once before den next time imma put you on them dreads
So if act like a bitch why you smack like a bitch
Yeah i came up rich and yo ass ain't gettin shit
So if you wanna pull onto im gonna build your coffen
Cuz im sendin' niggas to the unda parkin office
You might also like
I can see it in your eye that you a bitch nigga
When you got beef you run and hide cuz you'z a bitch nigga (FRANCHIZE!!)
You gonna ride on a bitch nigga
And you gon' die if you try me like a bitch nigga

I make the whole side come to the scene draw and talkin tha streets
I ain't no spatula (bowww dowww) so i dont squash beef
Oh yeah you pussy whipped (yeah) and you sprung on that bitch nigga
Awwww they ain't no hoes...Thats why i swung on that bitch nigga
He hatin tellin people he the reason for this franchize
He mad cuz we blew up like we stumpin on a land mine
We like straight jack we get ready fast nigga
We caught you stealin' (man..)
You'z a pat ass nigga
Can we talk like men...??
What tha fuck was you sayin thurr
The reason i grabbed yo' hair cuz you was holdin' ya head down
(You'z a bitch nigga)(yeah)
It ain't not lie cuz you shit nigga
We FRANCHIZE!!! and we'll ride on a bitch nigga
Now ride out... (hey)
Ride out...(hey)(x3)
Now ride out(hey)
Ride out(hey)(x3)
I can see it in your eye that you a bitch nigga
When you got beef you run and hide cuz you'z a bitch nigga (FRANCHIZE!!)
You gonna ride on a bitch nigga
And you gon' die if you try me like a bitch nigga

You a bitch on Bankhead
You and yo sidekick
Mane we Franchize like the fuckin Houston Rockets
So some straight dropped and got robbed for your profit
Ah ah ah ah.... we ain't gon' deal wit slime shit
Fuckin wit my team
You playin games wit tha wrong cliq
If we had a draft for sum haterz you'd b tha 1st pick
Far from the next so the best nine's worthless
My hands never dirty but my match is still workin'
Red eyes all blink in vision blury off that purk bitch
You wouldn't run up cuz you knew you would hurt bitch
Hold up westside (yeah) where my team work bitch
Hollywood Bankhead M.L Kime where we learn bitch

Now we at the henderson truck steady stearin man
Prayin while he drive supposed to be a Gods fearin man
Yo once i hate to hear it my _________ be some killas man
Its bout to be sum gun play poppin at these niggas ass
You already kno' bitch ass niggaaaaa
The choppa wit tha drum get yah killed fast niggaaaaa
Dont come bows pack a blunt they call me kit-kats niggaaaaaaa
You can tell a bitch cuz they switch fast niggaaaaa
Ohhhhh im bout to shoot and make a blast face niggaaaa
Kno who im talkin bout and ill face dat nigga
Stomp that hoe
Straight wreak that niggaaaaa
And when you see us commin' you besta' make way niggaaaa
I can see it in your eye that you a bitch nigga
When you got beef you run and hide cuz you'z a bitch nigga (FRANCHIZE!!)
You gonna ride on a bitch nigga
And you gon' die if you try me like a bitch nigga
Now ride out... (hey)
Ride out...(hey)(x3)
Now ride out(hey)
Ride out(hey)(x3)