I got a real fine freak with a real big butt
She gets real ill when she hears my cuts
Got two Cadillacs, one blue one gold
Got straps on the back with a fresh set of Vogues
Wheel in the back with a grill in the front
24 carat gold on my trunk
Got a rope like a python hanging 'round my neck
Got my freak in my arm cold kickin' on set
Never get ill cause I'm too damn swass
Got a funky Trans-Am with a dual exhaust
LA is live but Seattle is my home
Hood ornament is gold cause I don't like chrome

That's rippn'!
Now that's rippn'!

Chillin' never illin' in the place to be
Down with M-i-x-a-l-o-t
On the west coast driving big Cadillacs
Snow white paint job with the wheel in the back
Suckas talk smack cause they cannot hang
But you got to have a brain in the computerized game
You getting mad cause your girl wants to play my song
You know you want to hear it, put the record back on
You might also like
That's rippn'!
That's rippn'!

I'm a real estate investor, hardcore dresser
Money counting brother and I hate polyester
Walking on the wild side, pullin gold snaps
I know you gettin' jealous cause I got it like that
Cruise Broadway on my cellular phone
Spend a hundred thousand dollars on a brand new home
Dog in the front yard, got fence in the back
Freak by my side in the Fila hat

That's rippn'!
Rip this!

Rolling in a Nissan kicking my beats
With my girl by my side looking oh so sweet
Got Fila on my feet and gold on my neck
Cold carry cash and I never write checks
Bankroll so big I can hardly hold it
You once had a dream that your grandma stole it
Punched her in the eye and took my bank back
You ever wonder why I'm like that?
Cause I'm rippn'
Now that's rippn'

Yeah...you like this beat but it's time to change
Not gonna get ill, but I'm gonna get strange
Push your partner throw 'em in the aisle
Gonna kick it live with the square-dance style
I'm a ripping motherfucker that's my last name
When I get rhymes freaks go insane
Rip it to the left and I rip it to the right
Gonna bust hardcore on my freaks tonight
Grab your partner get up in his face
Homegirl, put that sucker in his place
Seven days a week I'm on vacation
Let's get live with the Kid Sensation


Gonna get ill just one more time
Kid Sensation with a new fresh rhyme
All the fly chickies hanging on our tip
Keeping the girlies calm with my bullwhip
All sucker DJs I will swipe
Oh hell, you're messing with Mix-a-Lot
The girls that'll dance and girls that won't
Cause this jam rips and other ones don't
That's rippn'!
That's rippn'!

Rolling down the avenue picking up points
I like to count banks but I don't roll joints
I'm a hardcore B-boy, sittin' on the throne
Never hangin on the ave, just kicking at home
Girlies in town like to feel my beat
Big big kick drums get more freaks
Some sucker MCs say they can't feel her
But I'd bet you'd be happy if I let you steal her

That's rippn'!
That's rippn'!