Uh, what's up, baby?
Come here, I wanna taste you
But I know you're gonna like it
So, are you ready?
I love the way your body feels next to mine
Listen, let me explain

Temperature's rising
And your body's yearning for me, oh, baby
Girl, lay it on me, I place no one above thee
Oh, take me to your ecstasy

It seems like you're ready
Seems like you're ready (seems like you're ready)
Girl, are you ready to go all the way? All the way
It seems like you're ready (seems like you're ready)
Seems like you're ready
Girl, are you ready to go all the way? All the way

I can smell your perfume
Step into my bedroom, let me love you constantly (come here, baby)
Oh, oh, your body is my playground, let me lick you up and down
Make you feel like a woman should
You might also like
It seems like you're ready
Seems like you're ready (seems like you're ready)
Girl, are you ready to go all the way? Girl, all the way
It seems like you're ready (seems like you're ready)
Seems like you're ready
Girl, are you ready to go all the way? All the way

Look in the mirror (oh oh...)
Now come a little bit closer
(Don't worry, don't you worry)
Don't be scared, I'm not gonna hurt you
I wanna do all of the things you want me to do to you
(All of the things you want)
And baby, I wanna make you feel real good while I'm doing it, woah

It seems like you're ready
Seems like you're ready (seems like you're ready)
Girl, are you ready to go all the way? All the way
It seems like you're ready (seems like you're ready)
I could've sworn you were ready
Girl, are you ready to go all the way? All the way
It seems like you're ready (just like you're ready)
Girl, are you ready to go all the way? All the way
So are you ready? Woo! (Seems like you're ready)
For my loving, baby
Girl, are you ready
I'm gonna make you feel so good
But there's one thing I'd like to know is
Do you want it, baby? (Seems like you're ready)
Do you need it, baby? (Girl, are you ready?)
I'd like to know if I'm the one that you're preparing for
Tell me, baby; am I the one you want? (Seems like you're ready)
Listen, am I the one you need?
(Girl, are you ready?)
I just gotta know right now, right now
'Cause it seems just like you're ready (seems like you're ready)
Just like you're ready, baby (girl, are you ready?)
And I don't wanna make no mistakes at all
But it seems like you're ready, ha
Come here, baby; hey there, lady
I'm willing... (seems like you're ready)
...to bet my life that you're ready (girl, are you ready?)
And I promise I'll be good to you, baby
You don't have to worry, no, baby