A lot of these cats out here be faking
When it comes to making love
But you and me baby
This is real... and that's why it's...

(N-N-Number one)
Sex, that we're having here, girl, ooh
(This is, this is number one)
Sex, that we're having here, girl, ooh

You better ask somebody...
Can't nobody do it like us
Can't nobody mix chop and screw it like us
All over the living room hittin' it like us
In the middle of the night, wake up the building like us
But it's oookay if you wanna brag
The sex so good, go and pat yourself on the back
And them haters, they gon' hate
But we just gon' keep on blowing up cause girl, they gon' hate, anyway
You are now rocking with the best (best, best, best...)
I'll make you forget about the rest (rest, rest, rest...)
Having sex with you is like making hits
Girl we got egos they can't tell us that we ain't the shit
And I'm in your mix like a number one record
And the beat goes on and on...
And it don't stop you keep going from the night onto the day (Oh)
And I love it when you take me down and make me say-ay... (Oh)
You might also like
(N-N-Number one)
Sex, that we're having here, girl, ooh
(This is, this is number one)
Sex, that we're having here, girl, ooh

Keri!

You know you stay at the top spot
When you're breaking me down like a chop shop, eh
Cutting like some blades on a caddy, that's how you're working me, daddy
Everytime you put that on, no, ooh
You are now rocking with the best (best) best (best)
I'll make you forget about your ex (ex, ex, ex...)
This one here's a race where you don't wanna come first
I know what I'm doing ain't no need to rehearse yeah-ee-yeah
A lot of dudes just be going nowhere fast
But you be steady cruising like you want it to last
How you made me a chocoholic, and right now my body's callin'
I gotta know how you got the knowhow (Oh)
Baby you the champ of all that goes down (Oh)
If your dick was a gun it would stone cold?
With my RNB thug when I bang bang
You know Kells and Keri hook up just like that
You make it number one
(N-N-Number one)
Sex, that we're having here, girl, ooh (Girl wow) (Ooh)
(This is, this is number one)
Sex, that we're having here, girl, ooh (Eh) (Sex, that we're having here, ooh boy)

Hands down you the best, ain't no competition (Oh)
You and me in this bed, just what I was wishin'
Them other girls was cool but it's something they was missin'
And I don't call them back every since we hit it in the kitchen
That night, at my home, trench coat, nothin' on
Your sex, got me gone, went straight, to my dome
And I love it (woo-ooh), girl I love it (woo-ooh)
Ooh I love it (woo-ooh), girl I love it (woo-ooh)
Girl it's something about you that thrills me (Oh)
That's why after we lay you get to know the real me-e-e, yeah! (Oh)
And it don't stop you keep going from the night onto the day (Oh)
And I love it when you take me down and make me sayyyyy

(N-N-Number one)
Sex, that we're having here, girl, ooh (Oh yeah) (Ooh whoa)
(This is, this is number one)
Sex, that we're having here, girl, ooh (Ooh yeah)
Girl I vow that I would do anything to pleasure you
All I wanna do is make this last
I'll kiss you up, I kiss you down, be real quiet, or making sounds
Take it slow or take it fast
And a-woooo, and a-weeee
And a-yooouuu, and me, havin' fun
And when it's over in the morning, I'll say gracias baby
Before you go I'll scream damelo
(N-N-Number one)