See three guns pointed around the room he stand and says, "I have nothing to do with this"
Then I said, "Hold up you look familiar. Do I know you from somewhere?"
Then he says, "Man I get around. You might know my face from here or there"
Then James says, "Take a good look cause you might not ever see his face again"
'Twan says, "Man what the hell is that smell? Somebody done broke wind!"
And then Bridget starts cryin' while she's lookin' around
I said, "I'm sure we can work this out but first let's put the guns down"
Then Bridget cries, "James first." Then he said, "No you go!"
Then I say, "Just do it the same time" and they both look at me and said, "No!"
And then 'Twan says, "Man let me shoot 'em all" and I said, "We can't do that
And besides man you just got out of prison and I'll be damned if you're going back"
Then Bridget says, "I'll drop the gun if he promise not to hurt 'Big Man'
Then James says, "That's what you call him, that's his name, 'Big Man'?"
Then 'Twan says, "Man is that ya name?" He yells, "Yeah" We laugh, "Hot mess!"
Then I say, "Man, why they call you that?" and he says, "Because I'm blessed"
Then I start shakin' my head and put the gun down sayin', "This is too much for me!"
Said, "I can't take no more then heard it all this shit bout to drive me crazy"
And then I say, "Man I shouldn't never took my ass to the Paje's Club
Then 'Big Man' says, "Paje's, I been there, that's probably where you know me from"
Then James says, "Hey, hey Chuck and Rufus let's get back to the matter at hand"
Then Sylvester says, "Cool, but first there's just this one thing I've got to understand"
James says, "What?"
Then Sylvester says, "How do you know Chuck and Rufus?"
And the police says, "What you talkin' about man?"
"You said Chuck and Rufus!"
Then Bridget says, "Hun my stomach"
Then 'Twan says, "Who the hell is Chuck and Rufus?"
Pointed my gun and said, "Talk to me, James"
I said, "Rufus, Chuck?"
Then Bridget says, "I'm about to throw up"
James says, "My wife is sick"
'Twan says, "Man I don't believe that shit"
I said, "How did your wife get sick?"
He says, "She's three months pregnant!"
And then we all said, "OH SHIT!!"
Then Bridget says, "Honey, there's something I have to tell ya"
Then James says, "No, baby, you don't have to say a word right now"
Then she says, "But James". Then he says, "Rest Bridget, while I get these fools up out my house"
Pointed the gun at us and yells, "Leave!!" Said, "My wife is sick!!"
Then 'Twan look at him and said, "Muthafucka you crazy! Watch where you point that shit!"
Then Bridget says, "James NO!!"
Sylvester gets a phone call: it's Gwendolyn askin' him, "Is everything ok?"
And he says, "HELL NAW!"
He hangs up, then 'Big Man' screams, "Look man, I'm just a stripper!"
I say, "Stripper?" 'Twan say, "A midget?"
He said, "I strip at this club called Dixie's and that is where I met Bridget"
Bridget says, "James." He says, "Not now"
She says, "Hun please let me explain"
Then 'Twan whispers in my ear and says, "Sylvester let me do this nigga James"
'Big Man' overhears us and take his inhaler out again
I said, "I'm not killin' no cop!"
James movin' closer to them with the gun
Bridget yellin', "STOP!! STOP!! STOP!!"
And then she says, "I admit it, I did it, I paid him!"
Then James cuts her off and says, "Baby you don't have to say nothing"
She says, "No, James I think you need to hear this
See I been covering for you a long time
Never said what was on my mind
I even followed you a few times
And when I saw you with her you act like I was blind"
James says, "Wait a minute Bridget
Just what are you tryin' to tell me?"
"Not only am I sleepin' with 'Big Man', but he's my baby's daddy!"
You might also likeWoo! The midget faints again
While 'Twan and Sylvester is trippin'