Then Rufus said, "Chuck are you ok?" Then Cathy closes the door
Then Chuck said, "Rufus what the hell just happened?"
Then Rufus said, "I tell ya
She just almost got us shot right here in this room"
Then Cathy said, "You got nerve, almost got you shot?!
When you sneaking in and out of hotels with him, ain't no tellin' what I got!"
Then Chuck said, "What do you mean by that?"
Cathy looks at him and said, "Figure it out!"
He says, "Ooh Rufus she don't know me. I will cut this bitch right now" "Whoa!"
"Come on and try it, muthafucka!" ("Fuck you ho!")
"I swear to God, just TRY IT!" ("Let me at 'er!")
"COME ON, BITCH!" ("SKANK!") "Just try it muthafucka!" ("Rufus let me go!")
"I swear to God, TRY IT!" ("COME ON!!")
"TRY IT!!" ("Bitch come on!")
"CALM THE FUCK DOWN!!!" Rufus says
Rufus says, "Chuck we'll talk about it later"
Then Cathy says, "This shit is sad"
Then Rufus says, "Well it is what is
Cathy we might as well talk about it, and try to get some understanding"
She said, "Understand this shit? I doubt it"
They talkin' loud while the phone's ringin (ringin)
Just steady ringin (ringin)
But no one answers (answers)... just ignores it (ignores it)...
Rufus said, "I said, calm down...you both actin' like damn fools!
A wife, pastor and a deacon, now how would that look in the news?"
Cathy says "A wife and a pastor looks good on the news"
Then looks at Chuck and says "But a pastor and a deacon? Rufus you don't want me to answer you"
And then Chuck yells "Bitch, who do you think you are?! I've got a right to love whoever I please!"
Then Cathy says, "If you don't get your narrow ass out my house cause ho, this whoever belongs to me!"
And then Rufus says, "Nobody's going nowhere, until we figure this out, we're all just be right here"
And then Cathy and Chuck won't stop staring at each other
Cathy snares her nose up at him
Chuck rolls his eyes at her
Then a phone rings again (ringin...ringin...ringin...)
But this time Cathy walks over and answers it
Says "Hello, Longs residence"
"Cathy, this is Gwendolyn can you talk?"
Cathy says, "I'm in the middle of something, not now"
Gwendolyn says, "Girl, this can't wait, please get somewhere quick to yourself right now"
Then Cathy says, "Hurry I'm listening, shoot"
Gwen says, "Okay, I'll make it quick
Girl, remember the policemen you introduce me to?"
She says, "Yeah, what about him?"
"Anyway girl shit was tight until this morning everything went wrong!"
Chuck looks at Rufus and says "what the hell?"
He says, "I don't know"
She says, "Dammit I'm on the phone"
She says, "Go ahead Gwen"
Gwen says, "Well it all started at this club that I was at last night"
"Mmm hmm"
"Girl, me and James sitting in back V.I.P. everything was so right"
"Mmm hmm, go on"
"Well me and James, sittin' there laughing and drinkin'
Next thing you know, here comes Sylvester up in there with some crusty wig wearing ass ho"
Cathy looks at the wig on the floor
She says, "Girl, what's the name of that club?"
Gwen says "Parje's" she flops down on the bed like 'what the fuck...'
Then Cathy says "Gwendolyn..."
Gwendolyn says, "Girl, I'm not finished"
Then she starts tellin' her bout the policeman's wife Bridget
Who was gettin' down with this midget
Then Cathy says, "Gwendolyn, girl, listen..."
But Gwendolyn's going on and on
She steady tryin' get her attention
But Gwen steady going on and on
Then Rufus screams, "Cathy, are we gonna finish this conversation, or what?"
And Cathy says, "Rufus, I'm on the phone"
Then Rufus says, ''Bitch, I don't give a fuck"
Then Cathy says, "Gwendolyn, shut up girl, damn, just listen to me!
You know that crusty wig wearin' ho you was talkin' about?"
Gwen says, "Uh huh"
Cathy says, "Well"
Gwen says, "Well, what?"
Cathy says, "Girl"
Gwen says, "Cathy"