The policeman's hoppin' around on one leg screamin', "Son of bitch", while he runs under the table
He yells, ''Freeze!'' Dives over the table and lands on the midget
While the midget is kickin' real fast screamin' out, "Bridget!! Bridget!!"
She yells, "Darlin' don't hurt him!" He says, "Bridget get yo' ass back!!"
Then he continues to rough up the midget as if the midget was under attack
Then Bridget runs up to her room, goes in her purse and pulls a number out
The police puts him on the table and yells, "Man, what the hell you doin' in my house?!"
He wipes cherry pie crust off his mouth and says, "Man I was paid not to tell you!"
Then the police pulls his gun out and yells, "Trespassin' man I've got the right to shoot you!"
The midget says, "Mister, the man that pay me to this would kill me if I tell!"
He points the gun in his face, the midget says "God I think I just shitted on myself!"
Now at Sylvester's house, 'Twan got a patch on his shoulder playin' cards gettin' along
They're laughing and talking when Sylvester says, "Gwendolyn, baby, get the phone"
Then she walks away from the table picks it up and says, "Hello"
There's a lady on the other line, panicking, crying and talking all off the wall
Gwen says, "Wait, slow down, tell me, who am I talkin' to?"
"My name's Bridget and I found your number in my husband's pocket, I had to call you"
Two minutes later Gwendolyn's shakin' her head sayin', "Girl I understand"
Sylvester says, "Who is it, baby?" She hangs up and gives him the address
Now meanwhile back at the policeman's house, the midget is cryin' his ass off
While he lyin' through his teeth bout to get his little ass tore off
Then Bridget bust in the kitchen with a double barrel sayin', "James I can't let you do this"
Then he looks at her and says, "What? You'll shoot me for this fuckin' midget?!"
She says, "I love him". The midget says, "No Bridget!!"
And then James points his gun says, "We all gonna die up in this kitchen!"
Now Bridget and James are starin' each other down slowly backin' apart
Then the midget takes his inhaler out and says, "This is not good for my heart!"
Then James says, "Bridget, don't make me do this, baby put the gun down!"
That's when Sylvester and 'Twan bust up in the house and said, "You put the gun down!"
Woo, while 'Twan and Sylvester are sniffin' around
Tryna figure out what's that smell