Here is a story about a man comin' in and
Finding his woman in bed with--
Well, listen

It's 2 A.M., I'm just getting in, about to check my message
No one has called but my homies and some bill collectors
Cellular rings, somebody wants to borrow money
I two-way her, she don't hit me back, something is funny
So I called her mother's house and asked her had she seen my baby
(Oh I) Drove my six around, looking for that missing lady
Got back in, turned the TV on and caught the news
Then I put my hand on my head cause I'm so confused

And then I turned the TV down (TV down)
'Cause I thought I heard a squeaky sound (Whoa)
Hm, something's going on upstairs, yeah
'Cause I know nobody else lives here, yeah (Bump bump bump)
As I get closer to the stairways, all I hear
And then I hear my baby's voice in my ear, screaming out

"You're contagious, touch me baby
Give me what you got" (Then a man said)
"Sexy lady (Ooh) drive me crazy
Drive me wild" (All I heard was my baby's voice screaming)
"You're contagious, touch me baby (Touch me)
Give me what you got" (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
"Sexy lady (Then I heard another man) drive me crazy (Yeah)
Drive me wild" (And I just can't believe this shit, aw yeah)
You might also like
I ran downstairs, looked in the closet, looking for that, ooh
Said a prayer cause only God knows what I'm gonna do
What I saw was enough to drive a preacher wild
I'm in the hall contemplating, "Not in my own damn house"
Who would have thought she was creeping with another man?
(Oh I) The down-low happening to me all over again

And then I turned the TV down (TV down, yeah)
'Cause I know I heard a squeaky sound
Something going on up there upstairs
'Cause I know that no one else lives here (Bump bump bump)
As I get closer to the stairways, all I hear
Then I hear my baby's voice in my ear, screamin'

"You're contagious (Whoa), touch me, baby (Oh)
Give me what you got" (Then a man said)
"Sexy lady (Oh I) drive me crazy (Oh I)
Drive me wild" (All I can do was hear them say)
"You're contagious, touch me baby (Ooh)
Give me what you got" (Whoa)
"Sexy lady, drive me crazy
Drive me wild" (Oh, I can't believe this shit, bump bump bump)
What the hell is going on between the sheets in my home?
Baby wait, let me explain before you start to point your cane
Girl, I'm 'bout to have a fit (Oh, it's about to be some shit)
How did I get in to this? Shoulda never came home with this bitch
You low down dirty woman, back to where you come from
(But baby, wait) "But wait" my ass, hit the streets, your ass is grass!
(Now Mr. Biggs, before you done) Wait, how you know my name son?
(Honey wait, I was gonna tell you) Move, this cat looks real familiar
Hmm, now don't I know you from somewhere a long time ago?
No, no, I don't think so
Yeah, yeah, I feel I know you brother very well
No, no, you're mistaking me for somebody else
(Frank!) Shut up! Can't you see two men are talking?
(But) Thought I told your ass to get to walking!
Now I think y'all better leave this place
'Cause I'm about to catch a case

"You're contagious, touch me baby
Give me what you got" (Whoa, that's was she said)
"Sexy lady (Ooh) drive me crazy (Whoa)
Drive me wild" (And then he replied)
"You're contagious, touch me baby (Touch me)
Give me what you got" (Give me what you got)
"Sexy lady (Whoa) drive me crazy (Whoa)
Drive me wild" (Aw yeah, oh)
"You're contagious, touch me baby (I should've known from the shopping spree)
Give me what you got" (That's the only time you smiled at me)
"Sexy lady, drive me crazy (And making love girl, it wasn't the same)