Hello, ladies (Hello)
How are y'all doin' tonight? (Fine)
Can I keep it real? (Yes)
And say what's on my mind (Yes)

There you are in that chair
Waiting for me to take you there
To break it down and sing to you
And make you feel these words are true
Who's gonna be the lucky one?
Who wants me to spend some money on 'em and have some fun? Tell me
I choose you

(What would you do) What would you do if I said all of these words were true?
(What would you) What would you do if I came down here and sat with you?
(What would you do) What would you do if I told the band to break it down?
(Ooh) What would you do if I said I wanna lay you down?
(What) What would you do if I put this money in your hand?
(Would you do) What would you do if I said I'd like to be your man?
(What would you do, baby?) What would you do if I brought you up here on this stage?
What would you do? (Tell me) What would you do?

The lights are down (Yeah), the mood is set (Yeah)
The sound is right, I'm heated
Look to my left and check my crowd
Look to my right (Yeah) to see if they are ready now
Tell me who out there feels lucky
Wants me to take 'em shopping and buy 'em everything
Hmm, I choose you
You might also like
(Now what would you do, yeah) What would you do if I said all of these words were true?
(What would you do) What would you do if I came down here and sat with you?
(What, what) What would you do if I told the band to break it down?
(Break it down) What would you do if I said I wanna lay you down?
(Ow) What would you do if I put this money in your hand?
(Out this money on your hand, baby) What would you do if I said I'd like to be your man?
(Be your man) What would you do if I brought you up here on this stage?
(Right up here) What would you do? What would you do?

(What if I got your) Hair done (Yeah), nails done (Yes, I will)
Toes done (And) bank account (I'll even take you)
Shopping (Girl, I will) if you be good (You'll have)
Your own car (And the) platinum credit cards

(What would you do, baby?) What would you do if I said all of these words were true?
(What would you do?) What would you do if I came down here and sat with you?
(What would you do, girl?) What would you do if I told the band to break it down?
What would you do if I said I wanna lay you down?
(Said I gotta know, I've gotta know, ow)
What would you do if I put this money in your hand?
(Right in your hand) What would you do if I said I'd like to be your man?
(Girl, what would you do? Ow) What would you do if I brought you up here on this stage?
(On this stage) What would you do? (What) What would you do?
(Ladies, it's showtime) What would you do if I said all of these words were true?
(Sit back and unwind) What would you do if I came down here and sat with you?
(I'm 'bout to make you mine) What would you do if I told the band to break it down?
(Ow) What would you do if I said I wanna lay you down?
I wanna know, I wanna know, I wanna know, I wanna know
I wanna know, I wanna know, I wanna know, I wanna know
What would you do? What would you do? What would you do? What would you do?