I got a plan for you and I
Let's journey across the Venetian skies
Can I have some of your cookies?
Can I have some of your pie?
May I cut the first slice? So won't you?

Scream, at the top of your lungs, everybody's feelin' right
Scream, at the top of your lungs, everybody's feelin' right
Scream, at the top of your lungs, everybody's feelin' right
Scream, at the top of your lungs, everybody's feelin' right

Intoxicated with desire
And you're the designated driver, yeah
I'm not afraid, 'cause I'm a rider, yeah
Ain't nothin' wrong with feelin' right, so won't you

Scream (Scream), at the top of your lungs, everybody's feelin' right (Ooh)
Scream, at the top of your lungs, everybody's feelin' right (Uh-huh, you make me scream)
Scream, at the top of your lungs, everybody's feelin' right
Scream, at the top of your lungs, everybody's feelin' right (You make me)

I love it, babe (Babe), got me here doing things I don't never do (I'll never do)
You hold me down (Down)
That's why I'm here, making sure things are up for you (Get it?)
Like a getaway, when the lights go off, you turn on
I love your place (Your place)
'Cause I can hear the echo when you make me, ah
See Timbaland LiveGet tickets as low as $100You might also like
Ahh, ahh, ahh (Ooh)
Ahh, ahh, ahh
Ahh, ahh, ahh
Ahh, ahh, ahh

(If you're feeling good) Scream, at the top of your lungs, everybody's feelin' right
Scream, at the top of your lungs, everybody's feelin' right (Let me know)
Scream, at the top of your lungs, everybody's feelin' right
Scream, at the top of your lungs, everybody's feelin' right (Show me it feels good, oh)

In the car, at the party
Got his hands, on your body
Don't fight it, ooh
If you like it, ooh
In your room, on the rooftop (Oh)
Feels good, don't stop
Don't fight it, ooh (Don't you fight it, no)
If you like it, ooh (Why don't you..)

Scream, at the top of your lungs, everybody's feelin' right (Baby)
Scream, at the top of your lungs, everybody's feelin' right
Scream, at the top of your lungs, everybody's feelin' right (Uh, sing it)
Scream, at the top of your lungs, everybody's feelin' right (Ooh, right)
If you love me, girl
Why don't ya (Scream)?
If it feels good, why don't ya (Sing it) (Scream)?
Uh, if you love me girl, why don't ya (Scream)?
Ooh, 'cause when it feels good (Don't fight it, ooh)
I ain't gonna fight it
If you like it, ooh
Yeah
Don't fight it, ooh
Yeah
If you like it, ooh

Don't you like that?
It feels so good, don't it?
Grab my hand, baby
Let's take a walk on the beach, let's clear our minds
Hold your screaming in
Don't you like that beat?
You do?
What else you like? Hmm
I can accommodate that
Oh, you like my swagger?
You like how I changed it up?
I like it too, baby
But for now
Think the beat is going a lil' bit too long
Oh, you like it this long? Hm
That means you like to make love long?
Yeah, I feel that
Ooh
I like how you're shaking your hips to it
It's about to end baby, but don't you stop
Keep it going
Keep it going
Keep it going
Bring it over here
Sit on my lap
Kiss me
No no no, right here
Yeah
Oh, I like that
Ooh, I like that uh
Ooh