You wanna motorcycle helmet?
You gotta motorcycle helmet out there? You really do? Can I borrow it for a second? It's real easy to hear with this thing on. Another hole in the bottom of the sea. Now the only thing to play with this thing is a song, we gotta play a vehicular song. Now, Lincoln Park Pirates is about tow trucks, this is a motorcycle helmet, you gotta do this song:
Get your motor runnin'
Head out on the highway
Lookin' for adventure
Or what ever comes our way
Yeah, gotta go make it happen
Take the world in a love embrace
Fire all of your guns at once
And explore into space
Thunderbolt and lightning
Heavy metal thunder
Feelin' what we're feelin'
That feeling that we're under
Yeah, gotta go make it happen
The world in a love embrace
Fire all of your (gibberish)
Explode into space
You might also likeLike a true nature's child
We were born, born to be wild
Born so wild, never wanna ever die
Born to be wild
Gotta be another motorcycle song somewhere in here
Ah yeah!
That Friday night the car was stalled
On the railroad track
I pulled you out and we were safe
But you went running back
Teen angel
Can you hear me?
Teen angel
Can you see me?
Are you somewhere up above?
Am I still your one true love?
I'll never know just what it was
That took your life that night
They say they found my high school ring
Clutched in your fingers tight
There's one that's better than this, here it is
Laura and Johnny were lovers
He wanted to give her everything
Candy, flowers
But most of all, a wedding ring
He saw a sign for a stock car race
Thousand dollar prize it read
He couldn't get Laura on the phone
So to her mother, Johnny said:
Tell Laura I love her
Tell Laura I need her
Tell Laura I may be late
I've got something to do that cannot wait
He drove his car to the fairgrounds
He was the youngest driver there
The gun went off for the start of the race
Around they drove at a deadly pace
No one knows what happened that day
How his car overturned in flames
But as they pulled him from the twisted wreck
With his dying breath they heard him say
Tell Laura I love her
Tell Laura I need her
Tell Laura not to cry
My love for her will never die
Now in the chapel where Laura prayed
For Johnny who passed away
It was just where Laura lived and died
Alone in the chapel she could hear him cry:
Laura, you bitch
Tell Laura I love her
Tell Laura I need her
Tell Laura not to cry
Now, folks, while we're on the subject of dead girl songs, I only know one other dead girl song and I know I'll never have the chance to sing it again, so I'll beg your indulgence, here it is:
Last night at the dance I met Laurie
So lovely and warm, an angel of a girl
Last night, I fell in love with Laurie
Strange things happen in this world
As I walked her home, she said it was her birthday
I pulled her close and said "Will I see you any more?"
And suddenly, she asked for my sweater
And said that she was very, very cold
I kissed her good night at her door and started home
Then thought about my sweater and went right back instead
I knocked at the door and a man appeared
I told him why I'd come and then he said:
"Your wrong son, you weren't with my daughter
How could you be so cruel to come to me this way
My Laurie left this world on her birthday
She died a year ago today."
Undaunted, our hero plunges on
A strange force drew me to the graveyard
Then I looked and saw my sweater
Lying there upon her grave
And now the understatement of the year: