'Cos I just do what I do when I can
I keep on killing them by accident
Never stunting on them when I'm flexing
'Cuz I'm just grateful for the life I have
I never had... any control of my life and of what I spend
My value isn't money mine is everlasting sense, of soul
My conscious soul...
Screaming DDB be free and don't repent
I told you, I told you, nobody can compare, yeah
Can never replace what's not there, no
[Blind MIC)
Yeah I can, yeah I can, yeah I can, yeah yeah I can
Feel it taking over me I'm falling in a hole, yeah
Strictly on a budget, I'm not splashing on no hoes, no
But I got (?) and some kush up in a cone
Wardrobe, full of those dope clothes and a big bag of them flows, And now I'm all in my zone
Got a style too rare to (?) cloth
So I guess I'll take this shit home
Yeah, I guess I'll make this shit known
And I come up on my own wave, yeah
Built the vibe on my own
And I sat on this one for days, yeah
But now it's time to get shown, now it got shown
See IAMDDB LiveGet tickets as low as $59You might also like - Hook:
I got the codeine blues for your soul
Feeling put you under baby, let me take control
Come and take a walk with me I don't know where to go
But I got some (?) and the sweet that you can (?)
I got that codeine blues for your soul
Feeling put you under baby, let me take control
Come and take a walk with me I don't know where to go
But I got some (?) and the sweet that you can (?)

To go, by the way, (?)
I lo-lose, I get right, I swerve left, I can't contain
This madness, you see sadness, I see progression
I'm (?) all the right sections
I'm leaning left and I'm reckless
I'm so stressed, depressed and...obsessed and, at the point of accepting my reckless obsessions
'Cos I'm lost within...
{I NEED SOME MOTHERFUCKING WATERRRR}
{Blind MIC]
Yeah, codeine blues yeah I made that wave
Head got burnt in the heat of the summer
Never came down I swear I stayed that way
Still up on the grind, tryna make that pay
Tried to repent on my sins and pray
Wake up, do the same shit the very next day...
But I would never snake my team
So if I get paid; then Mary gets paid, and if I get paid then Lay gets paid, I throw something then Kay gets paid...
And I ain't gonna leave much behind and I got a rare made style that I'll take to the grave
If I make a mistake it's cool
I don't ever wish that I stayed in school
'Cos I bled for the roads that I've walked in
And the friends that I've made shit's true
Weather 'round here's never been too nice
Showered down purple rain in June
Showered down purple rain in August
Summer just died and it came too soon...
It was another blue morning, turned into another blue moon
MA's the name I was born with, but I was Skrrt Cobain in the womb
 - Hook:
I got the codeine blues for your soul
Feeling put you under baby, let me take control
Come and take a walk with me I don't know where to go
But I got some (?) and the sweet that you can (?)
I got that codeine blues for your soul
Feeling put you under baby, let me take control
Come and take a walk with me I don't know where to go