Trials and Tribulations, Different Situations
It's all in the game, you gotta feel me, know what I'm sayin', My nigga Fat Pat in the house...
But for right now, Al-D representin'...
Al-D:
Now Mama said I grew up just too rough, and I'll never forget the first time a brotha got handcuffed
Hardheaded no denying, and it hurt me so bad when mama started crying
And it just got worst in time, Cuz in The Ghetto fool, it ain't nothing but crime
Growing up in the midst of hard times G, I seen, real niggas get stranded into straight up fiends
And the more I grew, more niggas got subtracted from reality and still can't kick the habit
I hung deep in the slums, where they slung rocks to come up
Cooler than Fonzie, Cap backwards, with my thumb up
Candy cig in my mouth, pants sagging
Strapped with slingshots, with eight locs tagged it(?)
Shooting windows out my neighbors home and laughed about it later on, on the phone
Chorus:
Ughh Ughh, Yeah, Yeah, Ughh, Ughh, That's right, That's right...Can You Feel Me Now
Yeah, Yeah, That's right, That's right...Come on, Come on...Can You Feel Me Now
Yeah, Yeah, Ughh, Ughh, That's right, That's right, Can You Feel Me Now, Feel Me Now
Fat Pat:
Baby, Keep Ya Head Up, even though you strugglin'
Caught Up In The Rapture, gotta keep hustlin'
Put your faith in God, Against All Odds
I gotta survive, It's hard as hell, to walk a straight line
But I put it in his hands, cuz I know that the man
Watches over me, to make sure it goes as plan
And I know that I'm wrong doing the things I do
Not spending enough time with Pat number two
But to lay it on the line, I gotta put it down
So my son can live rich, before he turn nine
Staying down on my grind, putting the past behind
When haters and hoes, yeah they all talk down
Yeah, it's Money Over Bitches and that's M.O.B
Every(?) paper chasing Fat Pat and C.B
Yeah release me to the world, so that they can see
How I capitalized on The Game and be a G
You might also likeChorus:
Ugh, Ughh, Yeah, Yeah, Ugh, Ugh, Yeah, Can You Feel Me Now? Feel Me Now
Yeah, Yeah, Ugh, Ugh, That's right, That's right, Can You Feel Me Now? Feel Me Now
Yeah, Yeah, Ugh, Ugh, That's right, That's right, Can You Feel Me Now? Feel Me Now
Yeah, Yeah, That's right, That's right, Can You Feel Me Now? Feel Me Now
Lil Keke:
No kisses, No Hugs
I was labelled a Scrub
I pushed and shoved, For neighborhood love
Preached out Dubs(?), played in Clubs
Politics and Drugs, It's a nation of thugs
That's love, be getting shot at
But they never amaze me, I ain't sick, lame, or lazy
But stressed got me crazy
Trials and Tribulations, Different Situations
The chip on my shoulder, made me realize I'm older
Got up, Got with it, cuz I had to get it
Some chips, flip chips, and multiply my digits(?)
It was real, wanted a deal, but nobody signed me
But now I got the whole wide world behind me, Can you feel me?