Geah
Bluestamp official
Lets get 'em

I reminisce like Pete Rock, loc, where the smoke go?
I take a hit and take it back where they loco (Geah)
My vocal point: Compton loc out (It's Compton)
On the D.L., keep a low profile
Niggas don't smile, so the rounds tell
Hustle be the MO, 5-0, hell
Yell when they come (When they come)
Where you bang from?
Checkin' the tattoos (It's Compton)
Sweatin' the income (Geah)
And I dont sweat a motherfucker cuz I'm on one (On one)
Cuz anything y'all doing, niggas, been done
Geah, Eiht on a rampage
Two shots, buck 'em down with the 12 gauge (Bah)
And I ain't tryna hit you with some blow up
The inhale smell have your chest start toe up (Geah)
WS all day, niggas grimy
Keeping these phony motherfuckers way behind me

Geah, g-g-g-geah
Where you goin' to?
G-g-g-g-g-geah, geah
I gives a fuck what you goin' through (Geah)
G-g-g-g-geah
Moafucka, what you gon' do? (Geah)
Geah, where you goin' to? (Uhuh)
I'm headed Westbound (Westbound)
It's Compton all day with the hood sound
You might also like
Got my mind made up, I'mma stick to the streets (Geah)
Until we all rich, whole neighborhood eats (Ching!)
And I ain't here to rhyme like another dude (Uhuh)
I keep it Compton, any time I'm in the mood (Brr)
Move over, niggas tryna get a rep (Geah)
A new dance step (hey!), another concept (Uhuh)
Why you niggas slept? It's no jokin' (Uhuh)
Music to Driveby (skrr) and the block left smokin' (Brr)
The hood rat strokin' but the P ain't free
And you can keep trickin' for a very large fee
Never me cuz it's real hard times (Oh)
And stick to the script if your life like mines (Uhuh)
Another RIP, another dope sale
Another day niggas all on you coat tail
Geah, what the fuck are they yellin'?
One time's comin' so niggas start bellin' (Haha)

Geah, g-g-g-geah
Where you goin' to? (Geah)
G-g-g-g-geah
I gives a fuck what you goin' through
Geah, ay, little nigga, what you gon' do? (Geah)
Geah, where you goin' to?
I'm headed Westbound
It's Compton all day with the hood sound
It's West Coast real talk say bring it back (Bring it back)
They fucked a nigga one time in a Cadillac (Ching)
A couple switches, real rap and a hood rat
No motherfuckin' trickin', nigga, we ain't with that
I teach the motherfuckin' lesson like X-Clan
The West Coast, oh yes, be less and planned
Tryna fight the powers that be
And fight against a couple of suckas that's phony (Uhuh)
It's on me, I die for the cause (Hah)
And put this bullshit rap back on pause (Hold up)
Hold y'all applause, cuz we ain't done (We ain't done)
Think o' y'all wanna brawl so we just begun
Real raps will travel to any nigga spot
Mothafuckas wanna battle but they ass ain't high (Uhuh)
So play ya ass outta dodge (Uhuh)
One shot, kill 'em off so it's no mirage, geah

Geah,  g-g-g-geah
Where you goin' to? (Uhuh)
Geah, g-g-geah
I gives a fuck what you goin' through (Geah)
And like me, little nigga, what you gon' do?
Where you goin' to? (Where you goin' to?)
I'm headed Westbound (Westbound)
It's Compton (it's Compton) all day with the hood sound
Geah!
Brenk Sinatra on the beat