I get it, I'm dumb. I hit it and run
You cry when I leave, but I just want to cum
You wish I was only yours
I wish I was out the door
Now you got me out my mind
You text me unread like 40 times
I finally read them like story time
And If I don't text back I'm dead
LOL: lots of lust
You ask for money. You got enough
You ask for time but my watch is broke
Now I got to go. I'm at work and lunch is up
So please don't snap me pictures
Of you trashed of cheap ass liquor
It;s a Wednesday and you're drunk before it's dinner
My little angel-sinner

I thought it'd be cool if we just had sex
We got to your room and now I'm in way over (my head)
It all came unglued when we got undressed
I might have fell in love. Now I'm in way over my head
See Call Me Karizma LiveGet tickets as low as $54You might also like
Your boyfriend hates me
Let him know I feel the same
I'm a piece of shit and I really stank
But you kissed me first so it's still ok
Right? "Wrong"
I write songs
I don't want to fuck you with the lights on
It's not that you're not hot. Because you are hot
I just got to hide when your guy comes
IDC, TBH
I can see that we can't date
You're obsessive
It'd be the best if we just had sex and not speak of it
But as you grip my back and pull me closer to your body
I'm addicted to our friction that we got
And it looks like cupid shot me

I thought it'd be cool if we just had sex
We got to your room and now I'm in way over (my head)
It all came unglued when we got undressed
I might have fell in love. And I'm in way over my head

You need to rehearse for this
I need a hearse for this
Body the type of a Hershey's kiss
Looking so good that's why she always posing for pics
Dropping the hints 'cus I'm dropping these hits
Young and I'm lit
Want money and power, that's it
I guess what they say is true
"you only get what you give" - you only get what you give?
Ain't life a bitch!? Yeah
She wanted dinner and a movie
So I gave her hard dick and some sushi
"Excuse me? Are you talking to me? 'Cus I couldn't tell"
Ask me how I'm doing, I say "Well, think I'm doing well"
At least better than most
She came for the weekend to get X's and O's
Now she all-around wet. Yeah, I think she a moat
Floating in that pussy. I think I'm a boat

I thought it'd be cool if we just had sex
We got to your room and now I'm in way over (my head)
It all came unglued when we got undressed