You better beware
Oh, everybody, everybody, everybody sing it for me, yeah

She got it going, got it going on, going on
(Get 'em, Ron; get 'em Ron; get 'em)
She got it going, got it going on, going on
(Get 'em Ron; get 'em, Ron; get 'em)

In store signing autographs at the mall
Next in line was a fly girl standing tall
Signed my name and said, 'Give me a call, baby, ya know?'
(In-store)
The girl screamed and fainted panic on the floor
The bodyguard pulled us out the back door
I never saw her anymore
It was an in-store heartbreak

She got it going, got it going on, going on
(Doin' it with the R)
She got it going, got it going on, going on
(Doin' it with the R)
See New Edition LiveGet tickets as low as $72You might also like
Live at five interview for Channel 2
I saw a cutie, thought she was on the TV crew
She said after the show (I'll be waiting for you) Cool
After the show she got in the car and what a scene
Her dad was the driver of the limousine
I didn't know she was only thirteen
It was a young girl heartbreak

People think it don't get lonely
When we're far away from home
One minute, twenty-thousand people
But then they go home, we're alone
It's off to another city
Where everybody knows my name
But when I meet that perfect honey
Is it me she wants or is it my fame

Girlies and groupies and parties all night
Is the life that can lead you, lead you to a N.E. heartbreak
From city to city, our friends and our fans
They're the ones who can keep us from having
N.E. heartbreak
She got it going, got it going on, going on
(Knock 'em out the box, Rick; knock 'em out, Rick)
She got it going, got it going on, going on
(Knock 'em out the box, Rick; knock 'em out, Rick)

Center stage N.E. was groovin'
The beat was hard and the girlies were movin'
There she was third row center coolin'
She was cold
Last note of the last song
House lights up they came on
When I looked she was gone
It was a third row heartbreak

People think our life is easy
And they think we've got it made
But we're living under pressure
Just to be on top
And to give it the best that we can give you
And to never let you down
We'll keep strivin' for perfection
N.E. heartbreak is coming to your town
Girlies and groupies (Believe that! On the strength, boy)
(Yo, peep this!)
She got it going, got it going on, going on
She got it going, got it, get, get, going on
She got it going, got it going on, going on
(N.E. heartbreak) She was cold
She got it going, got it going on, going on
She got it going, got it, get, get, going on
She got it going, got it going on, going on
(N.E. heartbreak) Ya know?
("Don't forget the pumps")
("Don't, don't, don't forget the pumps")
("Don't, don't forget the pumps")
("Don't, don't, don't forget the pumps")
Break
("Do it, do, do, do it!")

You better beware
Oh, everybody... ("Do it!")

Strolled in the party, walked to the bar
Playing incognito like I ain't no star
But the fellas lookin' jealous, and girlies lookin' horny
Saw a foxy young lady, her man was corny
I said, "Yo baby, how the hell are ya livin'?
Cut that zero and roll with Michael Bivins
I'm a fly young guy, I can shake and bake"
She ignored me, it was a M.B. heartbreak

(Everybody, everybody sing it, yeah)
Beware of N.E. heartbreak
(Everybody, everybody sing it, yeah)
Spreading fast and there's no cure
(Said sing it just a little bit louder)
No need to run from heartache
(Oh, it's gonna get ya, it's gonna get ya)
It's gonna get ya, get ya for sure
(Everybody just clap your hands)
Beware of N.E. heartbreak
(Everybody clap your hands)
Spreading fast and there's no cure
No need to run from heartache