*Yeah*
Make some noise for your boy
When I see the crowd bounce like the  (Oh!)
I'm out my skull boy
Blown off the dro with a heineken tall boy (Yo!)
A lean mean rhyming machine
Shine like afro sheen when I'm live on the scene (Ah!)
Strike it like a lightning beam
The type to even need a team of MC's like rice and beans (Nah mean?)
You should know what it is
No flow that you know can go toe-to-toe with the kid (Ya dig?)
See the swagger is authentic
Get the game on the line and the rapper gonna win it (Let's get it!)
I'll make you wanksters learn
When the V is in the house close your mouth and wait your turn (Yo!)
Get your finger out your nose, pay attention to the flow
Cause when I spit it's greatness confirmed (Oh!)

There's a new sheriff in town (You know the name)
You should really know by now (It's not a game)
I ain't fooling around, such a beautiful sound whenever I put it down (Oh!)
There's a new sheriff in town (You know the name)
You should really know by now (The Sharpest Blade)
I ain't fooling around, such a beautiful sound whenever I put it down (Oh!)
You might also like
Yo these niggas don't excite me
All they do is hate on the flow, even though all of their ho's like me
I tell 'em "nah babe, can't be my wifey"
But play your cards right I'll make sure you're laid nightly
I ain't playin to win
I say every day a ladyfriend drains me like some Transylvanian
Rub my coat sonny
It's money over playboy bunnies and weed over all that's not money
Literary genius, fuck the dummies
Got a bunch of honeys bugging me to touch my chubby
It's nothing, I'm so dope I'm disgusting
Most potent poet to put his quotes to percussion
When I do, it's over no discussion
Expose the dom turkey, tell 'em hold the stuffing
Leave him as dead meat, resting in peace with no stress
Unless it's Jeff on the beat (Oh!)


Otherworldly but from Jersey
Serving something worthy to bump in your truck riding dirty swerving
Front like I ain't putting work in
Get dealt with heat and helping of hurtin'
Earn my crown, giving no favors
It's a no-brainer that there ain't a flow greater, yeah
I make it raw like no chaser
Most fake the funk or they the fraud with no paper
Stay fresh as Jersey tomatoes
The best that ever have his words burn from CD players (Yeah!)
I'm like Jesus with the gospel
Scared of the  beside the imposter apostles
They can't rock it like I do
It's a landslide, couldn't lose if I tried to
I spit the best when I speak and got no stress
Unless it's Jeff on the beat (Oh!)

Check it, my method on the microphone's bangin'
Kickin' wicked rhymes, kickin' wicked rhymes
Catch the blast of a hype verse
The format is real sickening
Check it, my method on the microphone's bangin'
Kickin' wicked rhymes, kickin' wicked rhymes
Catch the blast of a hype verse