Yo! I've really been blazing it lately
Got the people saying that he may be crazy ain't he?
And kind of shady, but if you wanna hear me baby
Just pay me, it's all biscuits and gravy
I have the crowd in an uproar
Clamouring for me to put it down once more
And I noticed, you already know it, so
I ain't the one you got to front for (nah!)
They say the truth will set you free
And if you wanna hear the truth in the booth they'll direct you to me (right here)
And vouch is quite easy to see
I got it all under control like the powers that be
The big V and EYE go/direct he made the beat, piece by piece (oh)
And I made the bomb, rhyme by rhyme
Now let's get high, dime by dime and feel my vibe

Up on it, up on up on it
Damn it feels good to see people up on it, uh!
Up on it, up on up on it
Damn it feels good to see people up on it, yeah!
Up on it, up on up on it
Damn it feels good when the freaks jump on it, oh!
Up on it, up on up on it
Damn it feels good to see people up on it, yo!
You might also like
Small timers get their deals called off
I'm still riding 'till the wheels fall off (suckers!)
Fresher than the other ones, never be another one
I'm raw dawg, big puppy cuddly soft
I'm a boss been just taking my cause
I should turn and cough the way that they on my balls
I tell 'em mix some  for your broad
She was here first, bought my first album and all
Never took shortcuts cause I'm too tall
Style more real than a new song by 
You goofballs will lose the brawl
I pull scams like pool sharks in poolhalls (yes y'all!)
Each verse I spit is turbulent
Scream at the sky and make a seagull free fall
You're either in it or you're in the way
But anyway it's MJ all day okay?


And this the Word Flu
So them rumors 'bout me being sick as a tumor you heard's true (believe that)
There ain't no medication, you don't know what you're facing
I suggest you get a clue like Perry Mason (for real)
For your face is facing the pavement and labour is a game paid a wage the  (damn)
While these cream puffs bluff I'm steamrolling to the front and see they can't keep up (come on)
I roll the dro that's in the jar then I puff
Then I cough up a flow and leave my foes out of luck (snake eyes)
They all get left in the dust
Any matter at hand I get to the crux, they only on the cusp (what?)
Some say my lyrics are trickingly crafty, delivered explicitly nasty (but)
Call it what you wanna call it
But damn it feels good to see people up on it (yo!)