CHILLUSIONS
(Intro)
Thanks Joey, HAHA Yeah it's official. I'm high. We vibing right?
(Verse 1)
Word, Ethnic chick brewing my green tea, baby that's my herb
When I hit my tree, I do not like to get disturbed
I call my dealer, my tennis player, when I get served
IHOP with the syrup, the OG is preferred
The best weed's coming from the suburbs
We listening to Little Dragon as we let the blunt burn
Chilluminati, homie I'm not concerned
Cuz, In this game we playing we only get one turn
TRUE, good vibes in my circle, the purple is by the Q
To the top is where I'm going, like rowing, I got my CREW
There's a shortage of real people
20 percent real, 80 percent evil
And my ego is my amigo, Niko I like that movie rap
Doobies leave me boobie trapped, give a fluzie a scooby snack
Me and Denise are on the beach, so how would you react?
I got the BUD, where is RUDY at?
You might also like(Chorus)
It be like CHILL, surrounded by positivity
Everyone is REAL
I've had too much to think, I'm just thinking how I FEEL
I'll have another drink and the truth will get REVEALED
We got the bricks, the blueprint, now it's time for us to BUILD
It's time for us to BUILD
It's time for us to BUILD
We got the bricks, the blueprint, now it's time for us to BUILD
(Hook)
O.G SHIT. I swear to god, I bet your bitch know me
O.G SHIT, O.G SHIT
(Verse 2)
Having dreams of Lisa Bonet
Cooking me some Osso Buco, pouring me some Cabernet
I tell her trust me cuz I'm honest with everything that I say
She looked at me like, "Okay. You're a rapper, that's just swagger"
Well, how much do my words weigh?
"Honestly, i've had enough of you
And Niko, I don't think that you think like a Huxtable
But You're wonderful. Write me a song and then kiss it for me"
BEAT IT. Sarcastic eyes tell me a different story
Then I woke up and I rolled one like I'm so confused
Was that a lucid dream? Well, if it was, what does it mean?
I'm stumbling and muttering like, What is this new feeling brother?
It's A Different World and I'm the Fresh Prince In Living Color.
Me, Myself and I. That's Three's Company
My O.G. Carmen told me in this life that nothing's free
Except the marijuana that your now smoking with me
I'm Chill Cosby. I'm Chill. That's what I'll always be
UH, YEAH, Definitely getting..
That's what I'll always be
Chill Cosby. I'm Chill. That's what I'll always be
My O.G. Carmen told me in this life that nothing's free
(Chorus)
(Outro)
I got that chill.....This is chill cosby..we are vibing.. officially..
So walk around for a little bit, say high to everybody you see.. you see a
Bunch of weirdos with long hair.....and know THAT EVERYONE I FUCK WITH I TRUST..
That's how it has to be..you feel me? keep pushing the envelope.. I work at
The post office. dig me? NIKO IS... Thanks Joey.. Nu South I see you right there dogg..