Yaknow? C'MON
(Verse 1)
Johnnie Walker in the glass, straight, Hetero
I'm in the fast lane, how slow will the pedal go ?
Niko make the next right
Take the roof off, burn one
But I might crash call me Left Eye
I feel like Thor when I drink whiskey and the Jack hammer
Helps me with the confidence to date these lap dancers
We go pound for pound just like a Black panther
And they like me because I never have bad manners
Going through their scandalous bodies
While they're yelling out cat scan us!
Open mind like Jack O lanterns
But the afro is gangster like Alpo and the Black Hand
Plus, we're in orlando where a bunch of bands suck
I love them regardless, I hope they understand us
People in my city are mad that I'm getting on
Support traditional shit, I sing a different song
I read your lyrics, they were written wrong
YAWN.. think about something sicker, here bro hit this bong
I giggle at my haters and then I go kiss my mom
My ego is big and strong,but now the feeling's gone
The fountain of youth is what I'm sipping on
But after that, I'll have a Kirin Ichiban..
Try a new position with a chick from Vietnam
On a temperpedic pillow I keep sleeping on
Weed farming in the future, hydroponic shrooms
I like to light a doob and ride around to sonic youth
Alternative medicine men lost in lollapalloza
Fishscale flip mahi mahi tilapia tuna
Getting mafia moola, Gracias, I'm Gotti to ya
Rastafari buddha, I'm Selassie the ruler
Party and pop bottles with models up in Cuba
Waterfall cool, chill out dude wooozahhhhhhh
Black tie binocular, the mafia look
Like a Francis Ford Coppola book..
I'm Ron Paul with a blonde doll and I got these boxes of kush..
On the darjeeling limited eating Baba ghanoush..
After that, let the tilapia cook..
Mariate it in lime, it'll take time...loco
I heard from the grape vine that I am off the books
Tell my hators I'm in labor, all I need is a push..
You might also likeHa, This is Chill nye
It's the shit you listen to when you're real high
You know that I feel fly