Mama told me one day it was gonna happen
But she never told me when
She told me it would happen when I was much older
Wish it would've happened then (Is this the end?)
Mama told me one day it was gonna happen
But she never told me when
She told me it would happen when I was much older
Wish it would've happened then

Sometimes I be wakin' up at high noon sayin', "Why me, Lord?"
Folks thinkin' I'ma die soon
I just tell 'em keep seekin', but when they sleepin'
I be concealed up in my room, knowin' that it could happen
I'm just tryna maintain, because the future is untold
'Til the static unfolds that the good die young
Please, God, let a Bad Boy die old
Do you think I wanna lie cold?
Or better yet, have many shots come close to the head?
Shirt soaked 'til it's red
The most that was said was that my homies had a toast to the dead
Do I need a pack a vest for stress so I can rest?
'Cause even though I'm blessed in my flesh
It all came down to a test
A motherfucker wanna go and put a TEC to my chest
Now I'm caught up in the mix and I can't do shit, but still
I can't ride with program, fearin' no man
Hit the car door let the door slam it's a blessin' that he had slow hands
But he's still right behind me
All these heartless fools is steady comin after my P
So many phony niggas lovin' to hate Sean
So many cheddar niggas comin' after my cheese
Is it my car that they're losin', or are we all for the choosin'?
Or is it all in confusion? Better yet, all an illusion
Shots rang through the hall, bullets cruisin' for bruisin'
Don't let this heartless bastard take my life away
I don't wanna conceive takin' his either
Dipped into the back and took a breather
Heard steps steady in closin' with the bullet skeezer
Gotta do somethin', I ain't scared to go
But yet, my heart is steady pumpin' for somethin'
I refuse to be the one that they be dumpin'
Gotta get away before the TECs start gunnin'
Bodies start jumpin', wreckin' my brain not to try and understand
But withstand, is it 'cause I'm a rich man
Or is it tryna put a brother down in the dirt like quicksand?
But no matter what the reason, I don't wanna stop breathin'
There's dreams to fulfill still
Can't complete 'em with a still kill
Face to face with enemies still grill
Forgive me for the pain I've caused and the sins I've committed
Even though I'm not hopin' to go
I wish someone would open the do'
This man's holdin' the trigger and his finger's steady chokin' it slow
Is this the end?
You might also like
Mama told me one day it was gonna happen
But she never told me when
She told me it would happen when I was much older
Wish it would've happened then (Is this the end?)

Just can't let go (Is this the end?)
I just don't know
Wish it would've happened then

Did I just hear a TEC jam? Now it's on, let make my maneuver
Hit the alley, saw his man in a Landcruiser
In his hand was a Ruger, dipped in a Lex' like Luger
Heard shots from a steel bruiser
Teflon in the seat took a pale stress
Felt the hate on my chest as I placed on my vest
What's wrong with the brakes in the LX?
Ran straight into a light pole, just before I got my life stole
A car came to the rescue
I bailed in and said, "Bless you
But what made me the man you would wanna show help to?"
I proceeded to ask him, and he said with a passion

I could never watch a soul die, plus you the man lookin' too fly
(But who are you?) The pimp nigga named Twista from the cold Chi
Rain or sunshine, gotta keep one eye, nigga, I been shot at and stole on
No protection from one time, only caught for my prime
So I asked the Father what I did so wrong?
'Cause, shit, it's been hard for me besides chief
And the smell of sweet fumes when the beef brew
Motherfuckers steady ballin' but steady fallin'
Right in detours, 'bout to hit my feet soon
So I just presume, deep into the rhymes of a rapper
Prepare my mind for the capture
Thinkin' Ginuwine like the bachelor
But why these niggas wanna make us intertwined with the rapture?
Ego for dispersin' us, don't even hurt the clutch
'Cause he's coldblooded and merciless
Steady bustin' shots at both of us, was the strap close to us
Then for survival we both to bust
But Renaults get to roast to crush, 'cause he steady gettin' closer
Paranoid like a crack fiend when the gat seen
Scream when the bullet hit me in the shoulder
Don't wanna die 'til I get older
Try to visualize the beholder, he's inconceivable
So now my sight is gettin' dark a lot
Let's step off up in this parking lot where them dogs bark a lot
And try to wait until his mall get hot
I can make a person fight to survive whether good or connivin'
You never know when it's your time to leave
Smokin' weed to keep my mind at ease, let's go back to the car
But wait, I can't find the keys
Plus we didn't chill long enough, the footsteps are comin' close
Is it one of them unholy men?
With a strap ready to boldly sin
Mama told me it was comin', but I wish she woulda told me when
Is this the end?
Mama told me one day it was gonna happen
But she never told me when
She told me it would happen when I was much older
Wish it would've happened then (Is this the end?)
Mama told me one day it was gonna happen
But she never told me when
She told me it would happen when I was much older
Wish it would've happened then (Is this the end?)