Ten years
Yo, the sun don't shine forever
But as long as it's here then we might as well shine together
Better now than never, business before pleasure
P. Diddy and the fam, who you know do it better?
Yeah right, no matter what, we air tight
And when you hear something make sure you hear it right
Don't make an ass out of yourself by assuming
My music keeps you moving, what are you proving?
You know that I'm two levels above you, baby
Hug me, baby, I'ma make you love me, baby
It's ten years and we still running this motherfucker
Yeah, as we proceed to give you what you need
It's all fucked up now (Yo)
What the fuck y'all gonna do now?
Yo, we can't stay alive forever
So if shit hit the fan then we might as well die together
I'm high as ever, more hoes and more cheddar (Yeah)
G-Unit move around with them pounds and Berretas
Yeah, faggot, if I want it I'm gon' have it
Regardless if it's handed to me or I got to grab it
Don't make an ass out of yourself tryna stop me
I'm cocky, rap's "Rocky", nigga, you're sloppy
You know that I'm eight levels above you, nigga
I'll plug you, nigga, I never heard of you, nigga, it's ugly, nigga (What y'all gon' do now?)
I'm the wrong one to provoke
And ratting on niggas is only gon' leave you smoked (Come on)
So the only thing left now is toast for these cowards (That's right)
I got no friends, fuck most of these cowards (Uh-huh, that's right)
They pop shit 'til we start approaching these cowards (Uh-huh, uh-huh, yeah)
While we lay around dollars, they lay around flowers (Uh, come on)
You might also like
In the commission you ask for permission to hit 'em (Huh?)
He don't like me, hit him while wifey was with him (Uh)
You heard of us, the murderous, most shady
Been on the low lately, the feds hate me
The son of Satan, they say my killing's too blatant
You hesitatin', I'm in your mama crib waitin'
Duct tapin', your fam' destiny
Lays in my hands, gat lays in my waist (Yeah)
Francis, M to the Izz-H phenomenal (Uh-huh)
Gun rest under your vest by the abdominal (Yeah)
Rhyme a few bars so I can buy a few cars (Uh-huh)
And I kick a few flows so I can pimp a few hoes (Let's go)
Excellence is my presence, never tense
Never hesitant, leave a nigga bent real quick
Real sick, brawl nights, I perform like Mike (Come on)
Anyone, Tyson, Jordan, Jackson (Uh-huh, let's go, come on)
Action, pack guns, ridiculous (Ridiculous)
And I'm quick to bust if my ends you touch
Kids or girl you touch (Say what?Come on)
Two automatoes, used to call me fatso (Used to call me fatso)
Now you call me Castro, my rap flows (Yeah)
Militant, y'all faggots ain't killing shit
Oops, Cristal keep spillin' shit (Oops, haha), you overdid it, Holmes (Yeah)
You in the danger zone, you shouldn't be alone
Hold hands and say it like me
The most shady, Frankie baby, fantastic (The most shady, Frankie baby)
Graphic, tryin' to make dough like "Jurassic
Park" did, quick to spark kids who start shit (Say what?)
See me (Yeah), only me (I see you)
The Underboss of this holocaust (Let's go)
Truly yours, Frank White
We got the real live shit from front to back (Come on)
To my people in the world, where the fuck you at? (Where you at?)
Where my niggas is at? (Yeah), where my niggas is at? (Ayo)
Where the fuck my bitches at? Where my bitches is at? (I got something new I want to say, give me a sec)

Ayo, it can't stay dark for long (It can't stay dark for long)
They say its darkest before the dawn (Shh)
Calms before the storm (Come on)
I'm happy Mason Betha's now preachin' the psalms (I see you, ladies)
And I can see B.I. rockin' the Sean John (Let's go, Big)
Yeah right, this is what "Life's After's" like
B.I. Frank White, your "Bad Boy For Life"
No matter what the public say, we gon' prove
It ain't another MC that could fill your shoes
'Cause Biggie Smalls is the illest
Realest, my stones the chillest, got homes and villas
Overseas and what was me, I found out
Other MC's been tryin' to find your route (Haha)
It's ill when MC's used to be on other shit (Yeah, come on)
Took home "Life after Death" and they studied it (That's right)
Listened to the double disc (Yeah)
Now they all spit (Come on) like they all legit
Frank tell how we get, go
We got the shit mapped tight (Yeah), brass knuckles and flashlights (Come on)
The heaters in the two-seaters (Uh-huh), with two miras (Yeah)
Senoritas, kiss rings when you meet us
P. Diddy run the city, show no pity (What's my name?)
I'm the witty one (Yeah), Frank's the crook from the Brook' (Come on)
Mad he broke the neck of your coke connect (Say what?)
No respect, squeeze off 'till all y'all diminish (Uh-huh)
Shootouts for twenty minutes until we finish (Take out)
Venice took the loot, escaped in the coupe
Break bread with the 'Kiss, Peniro, Sheek Louch
Black Rob joined the Mob (Black Rob), it ain't no replacing him (I see him)
Niggas step up, with just macin' them (Yeah)
Placin' them in funerals, criminals turned aroused (Yeah)
The Brick City, nobody come off like P. Diddy (Woo)
Business-wise, I play men
Hide money on the Island Cayman (Come on), y'all just betray men (Yeah)
We spray men, I position, competition
Another day in the life of the commission
I got an industry gangstress that argues and steams the reefer (Uh-huh)
And flip when I call her bitch like she Queen Latifah (Hahaha)
Now all the vehicles is long enough to stash the street sweeper (Yeah)
This shit gon' get uglier than the Master P sneaker (Pff)
I'm slidin' through the Ruckers with Prada on the Chuckers (Uh)
So the spring break hoes, home from college wanna fuck us (Ha)
I ain't here to drop knowledge on you suckers (Say what?)
I'll sick Rottweiler's on you fuckers (Yeah), cops followin' to cuff us (Let's go, come on)
Top dollars to discuss this, whole lotta zeros
When it comes to paper, I blow the soul out the hero (Uh-huh)
I'ma break 'fore I lay on the floor buried
Besides, every rapper ain't a star and every plaid ain't Burberry (Uh-huh)
You can't tame Lloyd, I'm smoking by the big screen (Yeah)
And changin' the channel looks like I'm playin' the game, boy
I know the watch bothering your vision
But reach and I'll put a dot on your head (Yeah) like it's part of your religion
We got the real live shit from front to back (Yeah)
To my niggas in the world, where the fuck you at? (Where you at?)
Where my niggas is at? (Where you at?) Where my niggas is at? (Where you at?)
Where the fuck my bitches at? (Where you at?) Where my bitches is at?
We got the real live shit from front to back (I told y'all)
To my niggas in the world, where the fuck you at? (Ten years from now we'll still be on top)
Where my niggas is at? Where my niggas is at? (We've just begun)
Where the fuck my bitches at? Where my bitches is at?
We got the real live shit from front to back (Thank you)
To my niggas in the world, where the fuck you at? (Thank you)
Where my niggas is at? Where my niggas is at? (B.I.G. forever)
Where the fuck my bitches at? Where my bitches is at? (Bad Boy)
We got the real live shit from front to back (You know the rest)
To my niggas in the world, where the fuck you at?
Where my niggas is at? Where my niggas is at?
Where the fuck my bitches at? Where my bitches is at?
We got the real live shit