One
One, two
Check me out right here, yo

Yo, the sun don't shine forever (You can turn the track up a little bit for me)
But as long as it's here, then we might as well shine together (All up in my ears)
Better now than never, business before pleasure (The mic is loud, but the music isn't loud)
P. Diddy and the fam, who you know do it better?
Yeah right, no matter what, we air tight (Yeah)
So when you hear somethin', make sure you hear it right
Don't make an ass outta yourself by assumin' (Yeah, now the mic is low now, turn the mics up some more)
Our music keeps you moving, what are you proving? (Turn that shit all the way up, yeah)
You know that I'm two levels above you, baby (Music's getting louder)
Hug me, baby, I'ma make you love me, baby (This shit hot)
Talkin' crazy ain't gon' get you nuthin' but choked (Uh-huh)
And that jealousy is only gon' leave you broke (Uh-huh, uh-huh)
So the only thing left now is God for these cats (It's going the fuck down now)
And B.I.G., you know we too hard for these cats
I'ma win 'cause I'm too smart for these cats
While they makin' up facts (Uh), you raking up plaques

In the commission, you ask for permission to hit 'em
He don't like me, hit him while wifey was with him
You heard of us, the murderous, most shady
Been on the low lately, the feds hate me
The son of Satan, they say my killing's too blatant
You hesitatin', I'm in your mama crib waitin'
Duct tapin' your fam
Destiny lays in my hands, gat lays in my waist
Francis, M to the Izz-H phenomenal
Gun rest under your vest by the abdominal
Rhyme a few bars so I could buy a few cars (A few cars)
And I kick a few flows so I could pick a few hoes (A few hoes)
Excellence is my presence, never tense
Never hesitant, leave a nigga bent real quick
Real sick, brawl nights, I perform like Mike
Anyone, Tyson, Jordan, Jackson
Action, pack guns, ridiculous
And I'm quick to bust if my ends you touch
Kids or girl you touch, in this world I clutch
Two auto-matos, used to call me fatso
Now you call me Castro, my rap flows (Castro)
Militant, y'all faggots ain't killing shit
Oops, Cristal keep spilling, shit, you overdid it, holmes
You in the danger zone, you shouldn't be alone
Hold hands and say it like me
The most shady, Frankie, baby, fantastic
Graphic, tryin' to make dough, like Jurassic
Park did, quick to spark kids who start shit
See me, only me, the underboss
Of this holocaust, truly yours, Frank White
You might also like
We got the real live shit from front to back
To my people in the world, where the fuck you at?
Where my niggas is at? Where my niggas is at?
Where the fuck my bitches at? Where my bitches is at?
We got the real live shit from front to back
To my people in the world, where the fuck you at?
Where my niggas is at? Where my niggas is at?
Where the fuck my bitches at? Where my bitches is at? Ha

Put your money on the table and get your math on
Break it down, split it up, get your laugh on
See you later, dawg, I'ma get my stash on
There's a bed full of money that I get my ass on
I never lose the passion to go Platinum
Said I'd live it up 'til all the cash gone
Ain't that funny? Only use plastic, craft it
To make classics, hotter than acid
P-D, rollin' on your tape or CD
The Billboard killer, no team iller
The Fam-o, ammo is every channel
We been hot for a long time, burning like a candle
What you can do is check your distribution
My songs bump in Houston like Scarface produced 'em
You ain't gotta like me, you just mad
'Cause I tell it how it is and you tell it how it might be
We got the shit mapped tight, brass knuckles and flashlights
The heaters in the two-seaters, with two miras
Senoritas, kiss rings when you meet us
P. Diddy run the city, show no pity
I'm the witty one, Frank's the crook from the Brook'
Mad he broke the neck of your coke connect
No respect, squeeze off 'til all y'all diminish
Shootouts for twenty minutes until we finish
Venice took the loot, escaped in the coupe
Break bread, with the 'Kiss, Peniro, Sheek Louch
Black Rob joined the Mob, it ain't no replacing him
Niggas step up, we just macin' them, placin' them
In funerals, criminals turned aroused to Brick City
Nobody come off like P. Diddy (P. Diddy)
Business wise, I play men
Hide money on the Island Cayman, y'all just betray men
We spray men (Ha), I position competition
Another day in the life of the commission

We got the real live shit from front to back
To my niggas in the world, where the fuck you at?
Where my niggas is at? Where my niggas is at?
Where the fuck my bitches at? Where my bitches is at?
We got the real live shit from front to back (Ayo, can y'all hear me out there?)
To my niggas in the world, where the fuck you at? (Ayo, turn me up, nobody can hear me out there)
Where my niggas is at? Where my niggas is at?
Where the fuck my bitches at? Where my bitches is at?
We got the real live shit from front to back (That's good, it's all fucked up now)
To my niggas in the world, where the fuck you at?
Where my niggas is at? Where my niggas is at? (Y'all know it's all fucked up now, right?)
Where the fuck my bitches at? Where my bitches is at?
We got the real live shit from front to back (What the fuck I'ma do now?)
To my niggas in the world, where the fuck you at? (What I'ma do now?)
Where my niggas is at? Where my niggas is at? (Can y'all hear me out there?)
Where the fuck my bitches at? Where my bitches is at?
We got the real live shit (Can y'all hear me out there?)
Fuck y'all niggas wanna do?
It's all fucked up now, what I'ma do now, huh?