I can't get you out of my mind.  (Oh, no, no.)
Your love is one of a kind.  (You're one of a kind.)
You've given so much of yourself.  (You know I can't do it.)
I swear I don't want nobody else
Baby love, what can I do?
You're killing the trust that I gave to you
Took me for granted
So sad to see you're running around town playing games on me
Yet day and night, I'm thinking of you
Call me a fool, just so confused
After all that I've been through
I'm still in love with you and I can't
(I can't get you out of my mind.)
Just can't get you out of my mind
Your love is one of a kind, no.  (Your love is one of a kind.)
Your love is so hard to find
(You've given so much of yourself.)
Don't want nobody else, baby, no
Oh no.  (I swear I don't want nobody else.)
Oooh, oooh
Baby girl, what can I do?
I told you once before your girl playa-hating on you
She played me close one too many times
I had to put it on her, she was so damn fine
I don't know what she told you
But she bounced up on her love one damn time
I took her to my house, laid her on my couch
Slanted her frame and threw her ass out
You might also likeSo what about the girl in the 6-4?
She didn't mean a damn thing to me, baby
She needed a ride from the jam
And being the man that I am, I said "you can"
And what about the girl in the drop top
With a lollipop at the light by the bus stop?
You must've been fooled into thinking the kid was slack
Girl, I did my thing, but now I want my baby back and I can't
(I can't get you out of my mind.) Baby, I can't
Can't get you out of my mind
(Your love is one of a kind.) I know, I know, I know
You're one of a kind
(You've given so much of yourself.) Your love is one of a kind
Girl, you know I can't do it
(I swear I don't want nobody else.) And I can't do it, baby
Oh yeah, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, my mind
Damn, just picked the wrong time to mess up.  (Come on.)
From the time you left me up until this moment
I just couldn't get you off my mind.  (Baby, you know.)
But I know if we can start all over again, I know things won't be the same.  (Can't get you out of my mind.)
I can make it better, I swear
I swear
Oh, oh, oh, girl, I swear
(I can't get you out of my mind.) Boy, I swear
I can't you get you out of my mind
(Your love is one of a kind.) Can't get you out of my mind
Oh, oooh, oh, oh, oh
You've given me so much, baby
(You've given so much of yourself.) You don't deserve it, baby, baby, baby
Girl, I swear, I swear I can't do nothing without you, baby
(I swear I don't want nobody else.) No, no, no, no, no, no
Oh, oh
Say I-I-I-I-I-I...(I can't get you out of my mind.)
I can't get you out of my mind
(Your love is one of a kind.)
Can't get you out of my mind.  (Oh, oh, oh, oh.)
No, no, no, no, no, no
Say I-I-I-I-I-I...(You've given so much of yourself.)
Can't get you out of my mind
Can't get you out of my mind, my mind
(Oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh.)
(I swear I don't want nobody else.) Oh, oh, oh
I swear