Huh, uh, yeah
'Bout to put it to 'em
With some ghetto slick shit, ha
Check it out, one time for your motherfucking mind (Motherfucking mind)
Yo, I'm saying they gon' smell me on this one, nigga
No doubt (Hehe)
Check it out
(Oh yeah)
Listen

On the cross town with the top down, sounds banging out the backseats (Alright)
Me and this shorty too deep
She's flashing me thighs, wind blowing through her hair
Baby, we can take it there (Take it there)
But first I gotta make my rounds
Baby, slow down
My crib's on the other side of town
But from the look in her eyes, she was hypnotized
Rubbed her hands on my chest and started getting undressed
Tell me why?

Could it be my chromed out whip? (Baby)
Break your neck when you see a nigga dip (Mhm)
Or could it be the ice you see? (Ice you see)
But you tell me that you're really feeling me (That you're feeling me, feeling me, feeling me, baby)
Could it be the word on the block?
Know they told you that a nigga got it locked (So tight, so tight)
Tell me why you just can't stop (Just can't stop)
I'm thinking that it's all about me (All about me)
What could it be?
You might also like
I got the sixty inch flat TV, what?
Satellite, DVD, whatever you need
I got the bubbles in the tub with the back rub (Back rub)
Silk sheets, baby, when we make love
Oh, girl, I wanna hit it in the worst way
After that you'll be coming back like every day (Oh yeah)
Send you back to your girls with something else to say
How I hit it, split it, had you with it 'til the break of day

Could it be my chromed out whip? (Shorty)
Break your neck when you see a nigga dip (Oh)
Or could it be the ice you see?
But you tell me that you're really feeling me (I've gotta know right now)
Could it be the word on the block? (Oh-oh)
Know they told you that a nigga got it locked (So tight, so tight)
Tell me why you just can't stop (Just can't stop)
I'm thinking that it's all about me
What could it be? (What it could be?)

Could it be the drop top Benz?
That got your friends going out on a limb (Huh?)
Sliding me numbers when you ain't watching them (Watching them)
Playing me close but I'm not feeling them (Oh no, oh no)
Could it be the time piece flooded with chips?
Is it because I flex baguettes around my wrist? (Huh)
Or large amounts up in my bank account (My bank account)
You tell me you love me baby but what's that all about (Oh-oh-oh-oh)
Could it be my chromed out whip?
Break your neck when you see a nigga dip (Baby)
Or could it be the ice you see? (Shining so bright)
But you tell me that you're really feeling me (That you're feeling me, feeling me)
Could it be the word on the block? (I know)
Know they told you that a nigga got it locked (So tight)
Tell me why you just can't stop (Ah yeah)
I'm thinking that it's all about me (Alright, alright)
What could it be?
Could it be my chromed out whip?
(Could it be my chromed out whip?)
Break your neck when you see a nigga dip (Oh-oh, yeah)
Or could it be the ice you see?
But you tell me that you're really feeling me (Oh, oh-oh, baby)
Could it be the word on the block? (Tell me)
Know they told you that a nigga got it locked (So tight, so tight)
Tell me why you just can't stop (No, no)
I'm thinking that it's all about me (All about me)