Uh uh, heh, Divine Mill, niggas
Jah up in this motherfucker
Ghetto slick niggas, heh, putting it down, no doubt

No, lil' nigga ain't mine
What you think a motherfucker blind
He look just like Ginuwine
I know he been tappin' that spine
Or could it be that nigga doin' time
That got that stupid ass in a bind?
Back in '99 when everybody thought you were so fine
The nigga ain't mine

Yo, knock it off, love, you're killing me, he couldn't be mine
He too yellow and your skin darker than mine
Grade of hair too good, both of ours is rough
He ain't got my eyes they ain't brown enough
You playin' baby shower stunts, I was countin' the months
All I'm thinkin' is why me and what the fuck you want?
You better call that pretty boy up and harass him
Jah told me that you were knockin' ass wit' him
I ain't your baby father, ain't even close to that
Now what I look like? Forget it, don't answer that
I'm probably a fool, you know what, you're probably right
Like I'm probably his pops and I'm probably white
Get on before you get jumped on and such
That lil' nigga ain't (No) what you stoned or what?
Duganz Shalont, Jah Jah your baby dad
You need to slow down, love, 'cause you're moving too fast
Tell 'em, Jah
You might also like
No, lil' nigga ain't mine (No)
What you think a motherfucker blind
He look just like Ginuwine
I know he been tappin' that spine (Tappin' that spine)
Or could it be that nigga doin' time
That got that stupid ass in a bind? (Oh)
Back in '99 when everybody thought you were so fine
The nigga ain't mine (No)

(HA) Ain't nothing
(NO) A nigga ain't with that shit
Girl, you've got some kind of nerve
All I done for you, ain't got no words for you
Just pack your shit and go (What?)
Find your baby father 'cause I'm not him, no (No, you didn't)
What, you think I don't know? (I'ma tell you one time)
Your steelo, better go find that nigga then, girl

Lil' man got that same head display, the same eyelashes
The same DNA, kid, the match ain't clashin'
Asking 'bout somebody up north, you killin' me soft
You wanted it raw, said your shit broke off
Meet Ginuwine one time, he tryna beat me in the head with that
Meet me in the bed with that to trigger these drawers
Since I let you dip in and check the birth certificate
Put a clip in it, uh huh, nigga, that's yours
No, lil' nigga ain't mine
What you think a motherfucker blind
He look just like Ginuwine (Yeah)
I know he been tappin' that spine (Tappin' that spine)
Or could it be that nigga doin' time (Ooh ooh)
That got that stupid ass in a bind? (Yeah)
Back in '99 when everybody thought you were so fine
The nigga ain't mine

Dude told me how these hoes be, straight OC (Ho?)
Tryin' set Jah up, now she know me
End up like Carruth (Huh?) with no co-D's
It's the truth when you raised off of OZ's
Only raw for you, it's the oral, it's awful (Yo, dude)
Now she tryna say that kid mine, it's gon' cost you (Uh-huh, uh-huh)
Never forced you to name him Clinton
Can't respect you you hustle, life ain't a gimmick (Come on)
Like the night I was in it (What), love was love (Uh-uh)
Room full of lah smoke, freaked on a high note (Fuck you)
Now she prob' broke, hate to kill your high hopes (I keeps cash)
Just ask for dough, don't try to get live, ho (Yeah, yeah)
Scams ain't for 'stro, plans ain't for slow (So?)
Besides, I ride rough, you just ain't a pro (What?)
It take pain to grown, no game to know (Ha)
That lil' nigga ain't mine, what you sayin', Jah? (Oh, oh)
No, lil' nigga ain't mine (The kid ain't mine)
What you think a motherfucker blind
(Must think I got "stupid" on my head)
He looks just like Ginuwine
I know he been tappin' that spine
Or could it be that nigga doin' time
(That brother right there, who? who)
That got that stupid ass in a bind? (You!)
Back in '99 when everybody thought you were so fine
The nigga ain't mine
No, lil' nigga ain't mine (No)
What you think a motherfucker blind (Tell me)
He looks just like Ginuwine (Baby)
I know he been tappin' that spine
Or could it be that nigga doin' time (Ooh)
That got that stupid ass in a bind?
Back in '99 when everybody thought you were so fine
The nigga ain't mine