Mmm, hmm
Mmm, hmm
Yeah....ooh...
Yeah....ooh...
Yeah....ooh...
Uh, uh, mmm, hmm
Time
I still don't know the reason after all this time
I'm all alone but see it comes as no surprise
It seems like I go left each time that love goes right
Every time
By chance
Something happens every time I get a chance
I feel the rhythm but I just don't know the dance
I want to move with you but something holds me back
I'm holding back, yeah
All I ever needed I could never find (Mmm, hmm)
All I ever wanted was to get it right (Oh)
Somebody tell me what is wrong with me
I wasn't sure, but I know now
I believe (Yeah) that it must be (Must be)
Love don't love me (Oh no)
Love don't love me
You might also likeOh, I
I know exactly what is missing in my life
Something for sure and simply pure maybe a wife
But when I'm out the door before the morning light
Every night
So I pray
I'm so afraid I'm always gonna be this way
Relationships only to pass the time away
Fear of commitment is a habit hard to break
I must say, yeah
All I ever needed I could never find
All I ever wanted was to get it right (Get it right)
Somebody tell me what is wrong with me (Wrong with me)
I wasn't sure, but I know now
I believe (I believe) that it must be (It must be)
Love don't love me (Love)
Love don't love me (Don't love me)
All I ever wanted was some happiness (Happiness)
Take it to a level that's above the rest (Ho...oh...)
I wanna know how it's supposed to be (Oh)
I wanna feel something real
But I believe (I believe) that it must be (It must be)
Love don't love me (Love don't love me)
Love don't love me (No, it don't, it don't love me)
Someone teach my heart to fall in love again
That all I have to fear is fear itself
I know that I was born to love one woman
But why must I keep running through the rest, oh...oh oh ah
Yeah...
Yeah....ooh...
Yeah....ooh...
Yeah....ooh...
Uh, uh, mmm, oh, all I ever need
All I ever needed I could never find (Oh..)
All I ever wanted was to get it right (Hey)
Somebody tell me what is wrong with me (Tell me please)
I wasn't sure, but I know now
I believe (I believe ) that it must be (It must be)
Love don't love me (Love don't love me)
Love don't love me (Oh no it don't love me)
All I ever wanted (Hey) was some happiness (Oh)
Take it to a level that't above the rest (A little higher place)
I wanna know how it's supposed to be (Ooh)
I wanna feel something real
But I believe that it must be
Love don't love me (Oh)
Love don't love me (Ho...)
All I ever needed I could never find (I could never find)
All I ever wanted was to get it right (Just to get it right)
Somebody tell me what is wrong with me (Oh, oh)
I wasn't sure, but I know now (Oh...)
I believe that it must be (Yeah)
Love don't love me (Love don't love me)
Love don't love me (Love don't love me)
All I ever wanted was some happiness (Oh)
Take it to a level that's above the rest (Hey...)
I wanna know how it't supposed to be (Oh oh oh
I wanna feel something real (Hey...)
But I believe that it must be (Oh)
Love don't love me (Yeah yeah yeah)