Oh-oh
Oh-oh-oh
Oh, oh-oh-oh
Oh, oh-oh
Oh-oh oh
Oh-whoa

She was a friend of mine (Yeah-yeah)
She left with my man (Why, why, why?)
She lied (Yeah-yeah), cheated (Oh, lord), took all I had (She was, yeah)
She was a friend of mine (Ooh, ooh-ooh)
She used what she knew (I don't know why)
She lied (Yeah), cheated (Ooh-oh), and left me confused

I feel so lost
Don't know why this has happened to me, ooh
My closest friend
I never would have thought it could be
You were someone
Someone I really thought I could trust
But my man, you laid, and I'm betrayed

She was a friend of mine (Yeah-yeah, hey)
She left with my man (No, you lied)
She lied (And cheated), cheated (Oh-oh), took all I had (You were my friend)
She was a friend of mine (Yeah, yeah-yeah, mm-mm)
She used what she knew (Oh-oh)
She lied (You lied), cheated (Yes, you did), and left me confused
You might also like
Thicker than blood
Wherever there was me, there was you, ooh
My all was your all
But that wasn't enough for you
You had to see
And try to walk a mile in my shoes
In my head, in my bed
Betrayed by my best friend

She was a friend of mine (Oh, yeah-yeah)
She left with my man (Oh-ooh)
She lied (You lied), cheated (You cheated), took all I had (Yeah-yeah, oh-ooh)
She was a friend of mine (My closest friend)
She used what she knew (Yeah, yeah-yeah-yeah)
She lied (You lied), cheated (And cheated), and left me confused (And oh, I wanna know why)

(Why?)
You were my friend (Why?)
I gave you all I had (Why?)
Everything, everything that you'd want (Why?)
Oh-oh-ooh-whoa-oh-oh-whoa (Why?)
You were my friend (Why?)
Oh, my sister (Why?)
Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah (Why?)
She was a friend of mine (Oh, you were, you were, you were)
She left with my man (How could you do this to me?)
She lied (Yeah-yeah), cheated (Yeah-yeah-yeah), took all I had (You were)
She was a friend of mine (My best friend, yeah-yeah yeah)
She used what she knew (And everything that you needed)
She lied (I gave you), cheated (Everything), and left me confused (Oh-whoa)
She was a friend of mine (Yeah-yeah)
She left with my man (You left me alone)
She lied (You lied), cheated (You cheated, yeah), took all I had (Every little thing I had)
She was a friend of mine (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
She used what she knew (You used all you knew)
She lied (You liar), cheated (And you're a cheater), and left me confused (You, whoa)
She was a friend of mine (How could you do it, how could you do it?)
She left with my man (Yeah-yeah-yeah yeah)
She lied (You're a liar), cheated (And you're a cheater), took all I had (Hey-hey-hey yeah)
She was a friend of mine (You were my friend, yeah-yeah yeah)

Oh-oh, you're a liar
Yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah-yeah
Oh-oh-oh-oh