Ten nine eight seven six five four three two one
We cry for peace but we live for war
(You know I got that chopper in the Chevy, what it is?)
We ain't start the wiretaps, down in Baltimore
(But I'm still slangin bricks where I live)
Sometimes she love me, sometimes she love me not
(Doing ten, now my girl turning tricks at the crib)
Bullet take out those eyes, when they in the city Chi'
(Lay it down ASAP or e'rybody getting killed)
Evil lurks, in the heavenly disguise
(Trying to get the root of all evil, 'bout a mill')
I seen two birds, crash into two New York giants
(Bush still lying, he don't never keep it real)
I wish Katrina spoke French at the Quarter to New Orleans
(Haha, what you'da told her daddy?)
I woulda spoke French back, seduced her stoned (okay)
Told her "Je t'aime!", please don't rain on my people~!
 + (T.I.)
Where'd the hope go? Where'd the hope go (I don't know)
I seen the whole world turn into a war zone (what?)
Ain't no love in the city keep your vest on (that right)
Guns 'n Roses, "Welcome to the Jungle"
On the flip side she shaking her back side (shake it for me)
That's the only way tuition gon' come right
He got a crush on Mary Jean
Unless you got five on she ain't doing her thang
(Come on, you know you need to)
Slow down, young girl
Keep it real hon, got to keep it real hon
Unless she slow down, somebody gon' crash
(Come on, you know you need to)
Slow down, young girl
Keep it real hon, got to keep it real hon (Ay ay, you know we used to)
(You know we used to, ay ay ay ay ay)
Unless she slow down, somebody gon' crash (okay)
You might also like + (T.I.)
If you living in the street, you know you living free
(And if you ain't you doing time like me)
Thugs with the heat, are the coldest ones to meet
(And you can catch yourself a case and get a five)
We flying high, but still can't touch the sky
(But on conspiracy you doing ten at the least)
Everbody's a gangster, but nobody wanna die
(With all this snitching you might never see the streets)
Nuclear testing, replacing the SAT's
(With all this going on, why they worried 'bout me?)
Stem cell research, there's another you, another me
(I'm just hustling in the streets trying to flip a couple ki's)
What goes up must come down, the laws of gravity
(I know I seen it happen to my partner Big Neesh)
(We miss you shorty!) To win at chess
You've got to trap the king

 + (Wyclef Jean)
E'rybody know we gon keep rolling when the police rolling
And your coke dealer told 'em what you doing
Boy you better slow down, ay, ay, slow down, ay
You wanna show 'em that the dope keep coming
But these sheep keep running they mouth
They'll have you stunting jacker coming
Boy you better slow down, ay, ay, e'rytime homeboy
Slow down, start snitching, ay, ay, homeboy
Hey I remember get money, all we did was get money
'Til the feds raided the trap and they took my (thang) from me
Put me in a room alone, separated the click from me
Next thing you my lawyer said (my partner snitched on me)
Now ain't that a bitch homey? (They ain't had a thing) on us
Until you started telling, now they talking big numbers
We coulda split charges up, missed five or six summers
Instead you trying to talk, telling so you can walk
How could you tell 'em who we sold told to? E'rything we bought?
How we used to get in all the way 'til we can ship it off?
(Who woulda thought?) Hey, hey keep it pimping, wait a minute
(Whoahhhh!) Hey, hey hey keep it pimping, wait a minute, ay

I'mma let my guitar do the talking now, okay?