All I Set out to do was get some food and some rent money to. TO tell the truth the vocal booth was my sanctuary I spent endless hours in there I was so contreart damn I tell my boy nick to stop, man that wasn't it so let's take it from the top. but being in here beats running from the cops and swallowing rocks so I don't get caught. Knocked then locked, cuffed then booked and in the mean time court cases got me shooked. What they going to what's going to be the out come in the mean time I'm going to cut another album how come poor people never get aqquitted the mother fuckers say you did it then you did it. the next thing you know your being sentenced. snoody ass hoosiers like good ridence.Bitches you don't know how my life is you ain't ever had to live like this. Made front of my off brand no name high tops my people could'ntafford nike's and reeboks but you ain't about to pick on me mannn. my family doing the best we can. Goodbye, I never hustled to get by, I never hustled to get high I hustled to survive this is my life

The road I came down was a bumpy one through the middle of no where old country one resting my feet where so confident I knew my work wasn't done for nothing

People said id never live to be grown before id turn 18 id probley be gone. Sad and in a cemetary talkin to a stone feelin so all alone. Roll some purple kush or some northern light but my grand mamma says there's more to life then in good times I set down to write a good rhyme and rolled a joint that's every bit of a good dime. So stressed I try to ease my mind mamma said baby that's the way that it's gonna be sometime. id be so sick of trying most men would've coward out and just started crying I'm facing god so strong he won't leave me alone gave me a mind to think with to feet 2 stand on 1 hand to wright with 2 hands to fight with wrote a song bout my life it goes like this...

The road I came down was a bumpy one through the middle of no where old country one resting my feet where so confident I knew my work wasn't done for nothing

Gun shots rang through the streets of my small town seemed like slow mo when
That little girl fell down sad thing is it wasn't even a stray they just aimed at that baby then
Blew her away they said it was sort of gang ignitation they were trying to display loyalty and dedication why didn't ya'll shoot ademo, me, red or jazz cause you mother fuckers know we woulda killed ya ass. I was that kid who went to school cause lunch was free and all they eva did for me was taught me to read hwo to write add & subtract how many grams was in a ounce of crack how many ounces in a pound how many ounces in a kilogram so what if I fail don't no body give a damn feel so solo came in the world dolo and that's why I'm going to go so