I'm gonna make it last forevermore
And when I give my love this time
I'm gonna give it all I got for sure
No more mistakes, that's my resolution
Lord knows I've been through so many changes
Stick to the path, that's the solution
It's for sure I won't go wrong
At last I found someone, someone that I can trust
Feel good about myself, feel like nobody else
When I give my love this time
I'm gonna make it last forevermore
And when I give my love this time
I'm gonna think it through and be sure
Follow the book, that's my intention
The book of love, the book of life
To be hurt by love is too painful to mention
But you learn from experience
At last I got someone, someone that I can trust
Feel good about myself, feel like nobody else
Oooh, baby
You might also likeWhen I give my love this time
I'm gonna give it all I got for sure
(Last forever) I'm gonna make it last
(Last forever) I'm gonna make it last
(Last forever) Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Giving my love to you, baby
(Giving my love to you, baby.)
Oh, gonna make it last
(Giving up, giving up.) Forevermore
(Giving up, giving up.)
(Last forever) I'm gonna make it last
(Last forever) I'm gonna make it last
(Last forever) Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Oooh, when I give my love this time
Oh, forevermore
(When I give my love this time) Next time I give my love
I'm gonna think it through and be for sure
(When I give my love this time) I will have my eyes open, baby
Yeah, yeah.  Yes I will
Never take advantage of my love for you, baby
Got my eyes on you
Oooh, when I give my love to you, baby
I'm gonna make it last forever and ever
Oh, forevermore
And I'm gonna give it all I have for sure
Hey........I won't go wrong, no
At last I found someone, someone that I can trust
Forever and ever and ever.  (Oooh, oooh.)
Baby, I found myself
Oh, baby.  (Last forever and ever.)
Don't have to look for love.  (Last forever and ever and ever.)
Don't have to look no more, no.  (Last forever and ever.)
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
(Last forever and ever and ever.)
(Last forever and ever.) No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no more
No, ain't got to look for love no more.  Oh
Gonna make it work this time