AYY DJ! Classic! Zone 4
Oh! Polow da don, 1, 2, 3, 4!
Do, do do (Yeah)
Do, do do, do do do do (Yeah)
Yeah, do, do do (Let's go, yeah)
Do, do do, do do do do (New Lloyd!)

When you're in love
Everything feels like it goes your way
And when you're in love (Sup baby)
Everyday feels like the perfect day

And I hope that I feel this way forever
I hope that it's me and you together
And I don't wanna waste another moment

It's just me and you girl, and Cupid has done it again (Let's go, Whoo!)
Got my head spinning around, around & around
And again, here we go
Got my head spinning around, around & around

I don't know (I don't know baby)
Where I would be if it wasn't for you
And one thing's for sure (Come on)
I'm so glad that I don't have to be without you (You girl!)
See Lloyd LiveGet tickets as low as $180You might also like
And I hope that I feel this way forever
I hope that it's me and you together (Come on girl)
And I don't wanna waste another moment

It's just me and you girl, and Cupid has done it again (Whoo!)
Got my head spinning around, around & around (My!)
Yeah, and again, here we go (Nah, nah, Yeah!)
Got my head spinning around, around & around (My!/Ha! What you gon do right now?)

Got my head spinnin round, yeah
Ladies, ladies, ladies, ladies, ladies (All around all around)
Ho! (Yeah, got my head spinnin round)
Uh! Say What? Yeah! (All around all around)
Ah, yeah (Zone 4, Let's go!)
Yeah, this that new fly right here
Yeah, I might think about
Imma look you in the eyes in front of everybody
But imma show you and stop talkin' bout it, let's go

It's just me and you girl, and Cupid has done it again (Whoo! Huh, huh, huh!)
Got my head spinning around, around & around (My!)
Yeah, and again, here we go (Yeah!)
Got my head spinning around, around & around (My! Ah yeah)
Do, do do (Uh, Yeah)
Do, do do, do do do do (Let's see how we do it)
Yeah, do, do do (What you in a hurry to do it? Say what? Who we be?)
Do, do do, do do do do (Ah yeah-Zone 4, Young Lloyd, Polow da don, let's go)
Ayy this my mom and my daddy first song right here, I know this a hit!