I've never been around to play the nice guy
I came to take what's rightfully mine
Half of you wouldn't understand but I never expected you to

Hello bitch, I'm back
My ex still hit my phone, I'm 'bout to switch my jack
And bout a hundred percent of these rappers out in the city been trying to steal the kids flow
Please get my back!
Why you all on my dick like this?
Is it cause I make hits like this?
Is it cause I never made a single song about the way that Imma go and flick my wrist like this?
Probably, I don't play with the fucked shit
Skinny white kid and I still never talk shit
Swear to God that all of y'all be sus individuals, bet you all my residuals every one of you will suck dick
And that's the worst shit yet
We're Vets
All of y'all wear skirts, that's dead
We're next
Never popped a single perk, but yet, but I'll still fuck around and put thirty on your set

It's real simple
Always got to play the game, but there's one thing...
You might also like
Motherfucker better act like you know
But who knows?
Bitches trying to do me like they Juno
I ain't fucking raw, especially not for you though
I'm cool though, I'll still take you down like Judo
I ain't a pacifist, my boys then end up passing fists
Don't put it past your past, we'll pass all of your passes in
Now who the toughest in which you getting your asses kicked
I don't give a fuck if y'all point them out, that's adequate
For me, at least, I may not be a G
At least never seen in me
Or even get played on the TV screen, your CD's weak
Yo, Ansu, do you see these freaks?
Stop the em in my promoter to see if the features cheap
Fuck you and fuck that
You buck? We buck back
Who's left, and what's that?
Too tough, but y'all act
Too sus, I must add
You suckers, y'all lack everything you have to be as rapper don't come back, motherfucker

I wholeheartedly believe you have to fight with the wrong one
It's never easy to explain to somebody that doesn't listen
Hello bitch, once more
We can not trade features, I do not want yours
I do not need a video that's shot with you either cause me and Dev been fucking shit up and it draws on yours
Means that we've been living life
(Yes)
Hopped up in the Maserati twice
(Yes)
Catch our planes, then we had to switch our flight
We were out in Cali eating salmon over rice
(Yes)
Somebody tell me how I'm not on top
Half a million plays on my song with Rock
XXL, leave a post to your boy, I'm close to annoyed
When the fuck am I gon' pop?
I did a song with Tory
Got a beat by Play
Got a Futuristic feature sold out of the TLA
The stage of Webster Hall
Me and Huey, we did a song