Big city with some of the best women
They stare at us cause maybe we dress different
We're the best with it, fucking with me is a death given
The hottest in the world, baby girl, I'm a threat with it
Don't you think about it?
You should come on out tonight
We could do those things you told me about
Hard work, we're giving it large worth
Our teams got big goals, we're looking at ours first
Start first, with the motherfucker turning us down
Until we came and started running this town
What's up, now? Like..

Do you think about me all the time?
I got to know, might as well put that on the line
Heard you asking 'bout me, if it's true I've got to know
'Cause I don't want to waste my fucking time

So you got to let me know now
So you got to let me know now, know now

Yeah, yeah...
Don't got no "star life"
Was feeling that star-light
Getting bigger but we making no money, it's alright
We've been living, it's the difference from this and a hard life
Trying to work 'til I get paid, I'll put a hard fight
See a hater, look and say "fuck him, we don't care."
There's a reason why he's looking and giving the soft stares
There's a reason why we're winning, we know when it's unfair
Heavy industries, man, they really don't compare
Telling me I got to keep making "that bar shit"
"How to spit", you like a million bars, that's some horse shit
Who are you for trying to tell me this is our shit?
Tell 'em living in a mansion, they're stuck in apartments
Here's the bigger difference, you're getting that shit backwards
Music and the bars, that shit is a huge factor
Like I could rap some shit in the hood where the murder happens
I could make a pop song and still murder your favorite rapper
Fuck all y'all
You might also like
Do you think about me all the time?
I got to know, might as well put that on the line
Heard you asking 'bout me, if it's true I've got to know
'Cause I don't want to waste my fucking time

So you got to let me know now
So you got to let me know now, know now

I wonder if you think about me late at night
'Cause shit I might
It's your fault these things ain't right
But ain't that life?
Now both of us will deal with the problems and yeah I promise that I'll never try to save our lives
'Cause that's how now I'm moving to bigger and better things
It kind of sucks that we'll never be settling
You kind of ruined every view that I had
You'll be the reason I never buy wedding rings
And I don't give a fuck if you people say shit about me
I'll make a million songs, it's all about you if I want
'Cause not a single one of them bitches was here to witness a single second, I know that you're scared to tell them what's up
But I don't give a single fuck about you now
I've had my doubts
But finally I'm glad your out
So have your fun, and do all the shit that you ever wanted
And party then do them drugs and get fucked since I'm not around
Good luck...
Do you think about me all the time?
I got to know, might as well put that on the line
Heard you asking 'bout me, if it's true I've got to know
'Cause I don't want to waste my fucking time

So you got to let me know now