(You have ten minutes remaining on this call)
You know no evil, no flaws
Your evil on pause, my evil don't go, go, go
I leave my shoes at the door
No mud on the floor unless my mama ain't home, home, home
I clean after myself when I flaw, I leave no messes at all
I hope she don't leave her keys on the shelf
And come back to see the mess on her floor
And see my shoes on her rug when they should be at the door, door, door

I was supposed to be a doctor or somethin'
Honor roll like my auntie and cousins
But instead, I was a robber or somethin'
'Til they caught me red-handed like my arm in the oven
"Goddamn, Jay, do you do anything right?"
"Goddamn, Jay, you could barely read or write"
"Goddamn, Jay, you never ever get good grades"
"Goddamn, Jay, you could barely pass fifth grade"
That's what my mama would say and it would eat at my mind
I used to think all the time, "If I could be a good boy
She'd probably love me a lot," the only time I felt loved
Was when I went down the block, across the street from the house
Just down the street from the shop, that's where the bad boys hung
Your mama said, "Don't go," but I would go anyway
That's where I felt at home (Felt at home, felt at home, felt at home)
(Five minutes remaining)
You might also like
No wonder my life went down, down, down
Down, down, down, down
Down, down, down
Down, down, down
No wonder my life went down, down, down
Down, down, down, down
Down, down, down
Down, down, down, down

Did you go around the block by the shop? (No)
Was that you with them boys throwing rocks? (No)
Was that your friend on the news that I saw? (No)
Was that your name spray-painted on the wall? (No)
Did you go around the block by the shop? (No)
Was that you with them boys throwing rocks? (No)
Was that your friend on the news that I saw? (No)
Was that your name spray-painted on the wall? (No)

(One minute remaining)
"We gettin' it and we gon' make it
And they gon' hate it and I'm his favorite
I can't deny it, I'm a straight rider
But when we get together be electric slidin'
Grandma" bumping in my headphones
On the way to school on a school bus
Where the cool ones, usually the "act a fool" ones
And the new ones, usually the ones they pick on
That was me, the whole class used to laugh at me
They use to say, "Get away from Jay, he an African
And everybody knows that them Africans stink"
A booty scratcher that never scratched on my ass differently
Than a regular human with itchy cheeks
Got me like, "Fuck this elementary
And if I had a knife, I'd probably cut this elementary
My grades been fucked since the first grade
And that ain't 'bout to change so your honor roll will never mention me
And mama ain't never gon' love me"
The reason why she come home after work and never hug me
That's the shit that make your life feel forever ugly
So I covered up my face with this ski mask
Bet the hoes gon' love me with my ski mask
But when my ass got caught, everybody went ghost
But the one that I used to think hated me the most
I love you, mama
(Thirty seconds remaining)
Did you need a couple dollars on your books? (Yeah)
Do you have enough covers on your bunk? (Yeah)
Do your cell mates give you any problems?
If they do, what's the jailhouse number? I'ma call 'em (No)
Do you understand what I was tryna say? (Yeah)
Oh, now you understand what I was tryna say (Yeah)
But even though you make me mad and never listen
You my baby and I'm still gon' lo-