(Sorry Matt!)
Girl you a dime, Whats that, Louis?
Oh, you an actress? You been in the movies?
Moved to L.A. from "Nowhere" Mississippi
Growing up you always dreamed of someday moving to the city
For the fame and fortune, you'd probably sell both of your kidneys
But your daddy is a preacher, so youd never sell your kitty
I respect that, Guess what? Lets have some drinks and relax
Think about ways to make money
Man, that my whole life story
Got some friends in from out of town and they landing in the morning
Then we trying to get into something, the crib be getting boring
Might just sit there and watch the sunrise
Because nothing is more important than
Living life, loving life, its the little things
Shout out, Dizzle. We Gon' hold you down in this bitch
We still broke as fuck, still blowing up, still showing up
And we still know whats up, yeah
And if they want to talk, then whats up then?
Fuck that, if they want to talk, then lets fuck them
Recovering from my trip back to London
Think I'm in love, crushing on Kate Upton
Girl, you just do something to me
I wish you would come over here and do something to me
I mean, where you at? I could be there in a second
'Bout to hop up in the shower and then I'll be getting dressed
So just text me some directions and maybe then I can swing through
'Bout to stop so let me know if there's anything I can bring you
And tell your agent that we all about our business
Brad and OJ on the line telling me we gonna get it
Ah, shout out Billy, El, Ryan, Nat and Kizzy
Tell Matt I'm sorry in advance but I had to kill it (Ahhh)
No over thinking, just living in the moment
Don't give a fuck if they like it
Well they like it man, I know it
You might also like
I'm West Virginia repping until the day that I get it and end up in Heaven
I'm hoping they let me in, I'm prepping
Three shots in the cup. Expresso got me right, caffiene got me buck
Um, four, play (foreplay) with your girlfriend
Five dimes, that's fifty cents
Six six six, devil horns in this bitch
Not Illuminati, but I illuminate in this bitch
I live my life in slo-mo, you ain't even know though
Kate Upton is the motto and the music Macchiato
And we do it everyday, every way, never stray
And Don't Flatter Yourself is on the way
Miss Upton, what up?
(Repeated)

Ra-ra-ra-ra-rack city ignorant
Me and Jackie Betty throwing tens, tens, twenties, kid
Man, that's my whole night story
You want something with your heart, then you gotta fight for it
Yeah, use your head, don't second guess
Live life with no stress
Always stay dressed, uh, you never know who you gon' meet
And you may know them, but you don't know me
Shit is fantastic, I'm going the fastest
My chick is the baddest, her ex is the maddest
Macchiato music coming real soon