Hi, I'm Dave
I'm Strange (No)
I've been up so long
Don't know where I'll go
Don't know what I know I'm wrong (You're right)
I must be gone (Gone)
I must be gone (Gone)
I'll play my god

(What you doing?)
Like everything, don't shoot down my pair of wings
Let me just smoke my Mary Jane, I'll just hold my marriage in
And that coin flip so damn 'merican
Ever take a walk in the street?
Sit up in the middle of the median
And they come and go, and they come and go
And my shit been bumping, my shit been dope
But I'm missing something I'm kissing hoes
And I'm missing something, I'm switching roles
And I'm pissed at something, I'm drifting slow
I got zip files (Zip files, zip files, zip files)
And I know if I click them they gonna unlock
How do I know that though? I wasn't taught
I guess that shit that you learn on the job
And my permanent fog isn't burning like smog
Look at your feet, totally odd (So weird)
What is a feat? What is a job?
Look at my teeth and they been moving a bit
So of late I've got in my retainer, but dawg
Sooner or later the pain is a problem (Ow)
Only it's not, only it's not
That mean it's working, I guess I'm like God
You might also like
Nah, nah, nah, but like, it ain't even like that, man
You know what I'm saying? Like, y'all you know what I'm saying?
I've been out here, you know I'm getting that shit
But like it ain't even like that, you like-
It's not even one of those type of situations
But it just happens to be that way like
At the same time, you know what I'm saying?
I been doing what I do out here, it is what it is out here, yo

I don't ever front out here for a minute (Go crazy)
Say I never chill 'til I get it (Go crazy)
Brain what you think they committed? (Go crazy)
Weight like don't go get it (Go crazy)
Yo, you wanna pause? I live it (Go crazy)
Y'all tripping like, "Dawg, that's Dicky!" (Go crazy)
Y'all listen but y'all don't listen (Go crazy)
Y'all different but y'all no different (Go crazy)
It's all in us
Oh my god, oh my god
I can't even stop this song
Now the kid been getting bananas
He going Donkey Kong (Donkey Kong)
(King of the ape shit)
He going Donkey Kong (Donkey Kong)
(King of the ape shit)
I earned shit while he learned quick (No)
Churned shit while he cursed this (No)
And I turned around like I heard something
But I swear to god I ain't heard nothing (None)
I second guessed you but escalated
Shit ready when I'm done renovating
Don't fuck with me on my escapade
Don't fuck with me on my escapade
And I met a boy on that mountain top
And he said to me "Go round the block"
And I did that, and I came back, and he took back what I took back
(I'm not ready for that
Who the fuck are- what are you?)
I stood back while he took that
And I looked back while he looked at me (Hey)
And that's when I knew I was on
Shouldn't be long (Nope)
I keep it moving along (Yup)
I keep on proving you wrong (Yup)
I keep on doing the shit that you want me to do (Yup)
It don't have to be public at all
(It will be our little secret)
Unless you do songs about it
Hmm, but why would you do that?
Well...
I don't ever front out here for a minute (Go crazy)
Say I never chill 'til I get it (Go crazy)
Brain what you think they committed? (Go crazy)
Weight like don't go get it (Go crazy)
Yo, you wanna pause? I live it (Go crazy)
Y'all tripping like, "Dawg, that's Dicky!" (Go crazy)
Y'all listen but y'all don't listen (Go crazy)
Y'all different but y'all no different (Go crazy)
It's all in us
Oh my god, oh my god
I can't even stop this song
Now the kid been getting bananas
He going Donkey Kong (Donkey Kong)
(King of the ape shit)
He going Donkey Kong (Donkey Kong)