Lil Jon!
BME Click
Soulja Boy Tell 'Em
Can we crank these niggas up, boy?
Let's crank these niggas up, man! HAHAHAHAHA
SOD Money Gang
Lame niggas get the fuck outta my way when I step in the club on this one right here nigga
FUCK NIGGA!
Shawty Redd!

Let me see you throw your motherfuckin' sets up (in the sky)
Throw your motherfucking rags out (wave em' high)
Pussy nigga keep on eying me (you wanna die?)
I got shawties, them in here too (they gonna ride)
We too crunk to be tryna dance (I got that thang)
And it's right here on my side (don't make me bang)
You must not know where the fuck we from (pick a side)
Eastside to the West nigga (and we don't hide)

G walkin' through the club
Haters gettin' mugs
I gave your bitch a hug
And she got wetter than a tub
I'm hot nigga (I'm hot nigga)
G walkin' on yo block nigga
80 stacks spent, tell my jeweler make my watch bigger
Soulja Boy blowin' up like a fuckin' bomb
All I need is ten minutes in a club with Lil Jon
Got my goons in this bitch, so shawty don't test yo luck
Chairs flyin' in the club, quack, quack, bitch you better duck
You might also like
Swag to the left (left), swag to the right (right)
Soulja Boy and Lil Jon gettin' crunk all night
G walkin' with the realest with some pants on
Now everybody in the club, turn your motherfuckin' swag on
G walk, (walk) do it! (Walk, G walk nigga, walk, walk, gangsta walk nigga)
G walk, (walk) do it! (Walk, G walk nigga, walk, walk, gangsta walk nigga)

I'm not playin' boy, I'm not playin' ho
Fuck swag, bitch I got mojo
No homo, I got them thangs cocked
25 bands all wrapped in one not
Soulja Boy shawty, left arm, right arm shawty
27 tattoos shawty
Walk inside the party
Polo on my body
G walkin', all my goons get retarded (look)

I don't give a fuck
Yeah, that's what's up
Think you too tough?
You get touched up
I sent a ho on ya, you get sucked up
She let them goons in, that's how you've fucked up
But it don't even matter, fuck that chitter-chatter
I'm in the club with it, I make them niggas stutter
I shake them bottles up, we let that liquor splatter
Cause I'm a crunk nigga, I ain't no fuckin' rapper
Swag to the left (left), swag to the right (right)
Soulja Boy and Lil Jon gettin' crunk all night
G walkin' with the realest with some pants on
Now everybody in the club, turn your motherfuckin' swag on
G walk, (walk) do it! (Walk, G walk nigga, walk, walk, gangsta walk nigga)
G walk, (walk) do it! (Walk, G walk nigga, walk, walk, gangsta walk nigga)

Hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey