Gravity don't mean too much to me, I'm who I've got to be
These pigs are after me, after you
Run away like it was yesterday and we could run away
If we could run away, run away from here

I got a bulletproof heart, you got a hollow-point smile
Me and your runaway scars
Got a photographed dream on the getaway mile
Let's blow a hole in this town
And do our talking with a laser beam
Gunnin' out of this place in a bullet's embrace
Then we'll do it again

How can't they say, "Jenny, could you come back home?"
'Cause everybody knows you don't ever wanna come back
Let me be the one to save you

Gravity don't mean too much to me, I'm who I've got to be
These pigs are after me, after you
Run away like it was yesterday when we could run away
When we could run away, run away from here
See My Chemical Romance LiveGet tickets as low as $400You might also like

I'm shootin' out of this room
Because I sure don't like the company
Stop your preaching right there
'Cause I really don't care, and I'll do it again
So get me out of my head (Who wants to rock, to rock, to rock? Let's go)
'Cause it's getting kind of cramped, you know (Who wants to rock, to rock, to rock? Let's go)
Coming ready or not, when the motor gets hot (Who wants to rock, to rock, to rock? Let's go now!)
We can do it again

The papers say, "Johnny, won't you come back home?"
'Cause everybody knows you don't wanna give yourself up
Tell the truth and God will save you

Gravity don't mean too much to me, I'm who I've got to be
These pigs are after me, after you
Run away like it was yesterday and we could run away
If we could run away, run away from here

And though I know how much you hate this (Ooh-ooh)
Are you gonna be the one to save us
From the black and hopeless feeling?
Will you mean it when the end comes reelin'?
Hold your heart into this darkness
Will it ever be the light to shine you out?
Or fail and leave you stranded?
I ain't gonna be the one left standing
You ain't gonna be the one left standing
We ain't gonna be the ones left standing
Gravity don't mean too much to me
Is this our destiny?
This world is after me, after you
Run away like it was yesterday and we could run away
Run away, run away, run away from here

Yeah, away from here