It's not color. Color doesn't really matter anymore. It's you. Your personality, your character, the way you carry yourself. The only color that's important is green. You know...money. Green power
So what you saying love?
So what you saying love?
So what you...
So what you...

The circle in my cipher surfacing
Despite whatever's burdening my train of
Contemplation relating my observations to it
Music imitating my human inclinations
Some use it infiltrating this culture they barely been exposed to
Buried in the over I'm carrying under
It's one in a mil', under surreal sunsets 
Unkempt streets, my lungs breathe my surroundings
These scenes housing my themes my 
While eyes on open drama goes on like the domino effect
It's only logical we searching for that pot of gold, designer clothes
And finer items, our higher society afford it
But that surface chase is basis of every MC's recording
In accordance with the morning star I rose before thee
50 bars of metaphor, praising all two ways off the page
Beyond the margin my sight, show up in the light
Broaden my heights of mic/I might  with a similar pose
But
You might also like
She's steady telling me this ain't enough
Hip hop be riffing while I'm telling her stuff
Dig it, my music is more than just biz
And what you asking for is something I can't give

That's that same ole' diatribe
You might arrive at something innovative
If you stimulated your end with basis and wasn't so skin related
My pages consist of spaces of outlooks of looking out-
Side the cubical
The usual doesn't seem suitable
Steady hunting for something unmovable beyond usable
Beats, recycled lines, I'm siphoning the rhymes who make the vinyl
Prime like the number with an instinctual hunger
Under night's cover I write, roll with the universe
A newly birthed angle is truly immersed beneath the reaches of this exterior orient
Exploring the source of this hip hop, still caught on this corporate
It's often just a shell of it's former self
When it was more than record sales
Forgot to tell these cats the origin that they came from
So I'm creating, taking it back to phase one
Where money didn't balance a man's equation
She can't hear what I'm saying to her
It go...
So what you saying love? This ain't enough?
Hip hop be riffing while I'm telling her stuff
Dig it, my music is more than just biz
And what you asking for is something I can't give

The bottom line's not always dollar signs
Recognize that we're running outta time
I'm not inclined to take it much further than just some basement
Where it's still remaining sacred, not your image of a superstar
Wipe away the makeup, examine exactly who we are
I'm writing this as suture scars
Figure where the future starts to stay within the present
And succeeding all they estimates
I love the crib but where I'm thinking is well beyond this residence
Travelling around the globe, returning home only to rest a bit
Focusing on the emphasis, of what it is to MC
This consequently evolving as this planet 360s
This simply the path I'm destined to, well below the crescent moon
There's several styles in my legion in which I'm lending lessons to
Revolving at decibel
You gotta hear just what it is I'm saying to you
So what you saying...
It go
She's steady telling me this ain't enough
Hip hop be riffing while I'm telling her stuff
Dig it, my music is more than just biz