Gimmie a kick that's similar to how my rhyme hit
My mind drifts on memories and time spent
On planet earth to find shit to write about
As time tick they say that ours is runnin' out
Too many cats that run without intent
I've come to conclude that I'm born to move it
The streets have called they claiming they want some new shit
I be gaming on cats, my means heavy
For most it's too dense, ten times the soul music
Been told any tool is a weapon depending on how you use it
You rock ice, I rock the movement, the man that cross landscape
I got rhythm like a handshake, the land laid in front of my eyes
Like wassup, are you gonna cover me or not
The discovery of my course hit me like when the beat drops
And on it I watch my back, the streets be watching
Yo once we get it started there's no need for stoppin'

You on some cool out shit, while we set it so it's burnin' hot
Rotatin' a lock to open minds with emotional ?
If you need to relate or meditate too
The rhythm is you gotta let it take you
I scribe with conviction to try to make you
Move (to move)
You might also like
What gave him the right to grab mics?
Actin' like he been doin this for years
When pursuing this you used to have to pay
Dues for you, made moves on your way
Some brothers consider me fam cause of the way that we relate
With us, this is ? (DJ)
I advance with out resistance with narrow leeway
Yo it's expanse like you travelin' out on some free-range
With acres to cross, to the natives I talk
About how we need change, the beat rain down on my face
To refresh my perspective, ?
? while I'm lost in it
This space in which the realest shit it festers, yo I'll walk with it
Speak with it, feelin' it's been sequestered from the streets
Where cats hustled and music through seven days
I'm caught ? on the sabbath I be collectin' ? to pay for dues
When the and move with the speed of god
I'm like my interior spot no need for versa

You on some cool out shit, while we set it so it's burnin' hot
Rotatin' a lock to open minds with emotional ?
If you need to relate or meditate too
The rhythm is you gotta let it take you
I scribe with conviction to try to make you
Move (to move)
I took the sword of the earth, recorded the verse
Over the norm I spit it, invisionin' my first born spinnin'
On some shit that compliment it like moons ? the night
Why y'all darkness kinda cinder like
Some don't even comprehend my rights
Talkin' that "He's too mental"
You better expand yourself I'm not trying to resemble
All these simple-minded cats to base they shit on ?
I be pacin' licks to make you open up your third window of sight
In this temple of text I write perpetual
My spiritual guide to father uh ethical thought
I'm pressin' music to play to make hit and disregard the basement
I'm on some principle basic hot mineral content laced with
Elements to keep me drifting all on some space shit
The places I've known regardless of where I'm takin' it to
I'm makin' this home, (I) I'm takin' it (why)
We makin' it (I), we takin' it back (come on)
We takin' it back (come on), we takin' it back (come on)

You on some cool out shit, while we set it so it's burnin' hot
Rotatin' a lock to open minds with emotional ?
If you need to relate or meditate too
The rhythm is you gotta let it take you
I scribe with conviction to try to make you