Benevolence, mercy, discipline...

Here come the, here come the, here come the "PAIN!!!"

Uplift your soul, get your House in order
MC's be acting like they walking on water
I'll break you down like a poem wrote in haiku
Who you gonna lie to?  Boy I crucify you
Hammer to the nails, commence to impalin
My acid flashback, got everything trailin
I'm sailin blind on the open seas
Like an overloaded boat of Haitian refugees
And I'm on my knees, my face on the rug
One more prostration for my salvation
My Jinn's bucking up, it's got me fucking up
Be calling my flesh, and my soul won't mesh

So lick a shot when I heat up the spot
I'm takin from the haves, cause I be the have not
Lick a shot when I heat up the spot
Boy, where you gon' run when the gun get hot?
You might also like
Here come the, here come the, here come the "PAIN!!!"

I got the pressures of the world coming down all around me
I thought I was lost but thank God, you found me
I'm getting crazy ideas of suicide
Lord I tried, Lord I tried
To make the best of what I got, I keep taking potshots
From the critics and the media, that's what it be to ya
But you can stick it where the sun don't shine
Cause I'm going for mine, I rock it all the time
HERE COMES THE PAIN!


Here come the, here come the, here come the "PAIN!!!"

Now in the race full of rats that be holding gats
I'll run the hustle on the legend like Minnesota Fats
Not Domino, 'cause your wisdom found a thrill
Drunk on Strawberry Hill, the episode was re-running
Over and over, and three times a lady
She said peep the scene at the end I ain't Shady
But, you and me is hush-hush, the word be mum
If you keep the low pro' I'll still give you some
Cause, I got a man and he pays my bills
He keeps my wares real fly and hooks my hair and nails
But baby don't sweat it, baby keep calm
Baby don't worry I'll be Viet Cong
I can run three days off a bowl of rice
And a piece of fish, I'll grant your every wish, so

Benevolence, mercy, discipline, and "PAIN!!!"
Benevolence, mercy, discipline, and "PAIN!!!"
Benevolence, mercy, discipline, and "PAIN!!!"