Wanna buy a new car
But the price ain't right (haha, ain't that cold?)
It'd be a damn sight cheaper (yes it would!)
To start ridin' a bike (ha, listen!)
They're making milk out of powder (yeah they are!)
Got the babies crying (poor babies, they don't know what that stuff is!)
Rent's goin' up higher (yes it is!)
Got the parents lying ("I'll pay you tomorrow!")

Lord, it's a real mother for ya, yeah
Make you wanna run for cover (yes it will!)
And if you look you will discover, yeah
Lord, its a real mother for ya, yeah (ow!)

(Good God!)
(Listen!)
Got to go to a disco
Throw your troubles away
Dance to the music (yeah!)
That the DJ's play (doin' alright!)
And then the lights come on (yeah!)
Like you knew they would (haha, ain't that cold?)
Go on home and face the music
That don't sound too good (haha, ain't that cold?)
You might also like
(Listen!)
Lord, it's a real mother for ya
That makes you wanna run for cover, yeah
And if you look you will discover, yeah
Lord, it's a real mother for ya, yeah (ow!)

(It's a real mother for you!)
(It's a real mother for you!)
(It's a real mother for you!)

Lord, it's a real mother for ya, yeah
Make you wanna run for cover, yes it will
And if you look you will discover, yeah
Lord, it's a real mother for ya, yeah
Said, it's a real mother for ya yeah (ow, get outa here!)

(My goodness!)
(Too cold!)
(Cold blooded, cold blooded, I'm tellin' you the truth!)
(Lemme stop here at this gas station...)
(Gimme 3 gallons of low-lead!)
(Can't afford nothin' else!)
(I'd better stop and get me two hot dogs and a strawberry soda!)
It's a real mother for ya, yeah
Lord, it's a real mother for ya, yeah
Woo, it's a real mother for ya, yeah
It's a real mother for ya (Doop doop doop doop doo!)
It's a real mother for ya (Now don't you know it's real?)
It's a real mother for you yeah
It's a real mother for you yeah (Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah!)
Lord it's a real mother for ya yeah (It's going better by hand, good God!)
Lord it's a real motherfucker, yeah yeah