Alright
This one goes out to all the lovers in the house (Good to you)
Know what I'm sayin'?
I'm gonna express my feelings right about now on the way I like to do things (Good to you)
T.R., bring it in

Is it good to you? (I like it)
Is it good to you? (Ooh, I like it)
Is it good to you? (I like it)
Is it good to you? (Ooh-ooh, boy)

How would you feel if I rubbed you down?
Made your head spin like a merry-go-round
Take control like Charles In Charge
I really can't wait, let's stay in the garage
Oops, let me run upstairs and get the whipped cream
Can't have ice cream without whipped cream
Plus an ice cube to make you swing
My main man did it in Do the Right Thing
C'mon, let me tickle you in all the right places
Keep my eyes open while I watch you make faces
Feelin' quite dandy, comfortable and cozy
Let me draw the curtains 'cause my neighbors are nosy
So make a little room, here comes big daddy
Big like a truck, satisfyin' like a Caddy
Many'll call, but the chosen are few
And all I wanna know, is it good to you?
You might also like
Is it good to you? (I like it)
Is it good to you? (Ooh, I like it) Is it good to you?
Is it good to you? (I like it)
Is it good to you? (Ooh, boy, yeah)

Make a move, make a move, my lollipop cutie
Lay down on the cover, let the Lover do his duty
It looks like rain, but rain doesn't matter
We can take time, hold hands and chit-chatter
And what about love? Love's a possibility
But let's make sure we share the same mentality
Close the door, dim the lights
Everything is okeydokey, copasetic, alright
And how bout oil? Warm from the heat
I can slick your body down from your head to your feet
Make you smile from a simple kiss
Close your eyes and I'll grant your first wish
Open your arms and wrap me tight like a teddy bear
Then take your fingers and run it through my hair
Many'll call and the chosen are few
But all I wanna know, is it good to you?

Is it good to you? (I like it)
Is it good to you? (Ooh, I like it) is it good to you?
Is it good to you? (I like it)
Is it good to you? (Ooh, boy, yeah, yeah) Yeah, lay back a little
You know, when we kiss
I really wanna make ya feel right now (Good to you)
I mean, is it good to you?
'Cause believe me when I tell you (Good to you, hey, yeah)
It feels good to me (Yeah, yeah)

Oh, yeah, yeah
Oh, yeah (Good to you)
To you
To you (Check it)

Roll over, my lover, the sun is beaming
The hot water's runnin' and the bathroom's steaming
Champagne bottle in the corner half done
Room's still bright from the morning sun
Yeah, we're snuggled up, now it's time to buckle up
So call me later, cutie, and I'll pick you up
Many'll call, but the chosen are few
And all I wanna know, is it good to you?

Is it good to you? (I like it)
Is it good to you? (Ooh, I like it) Is it good to you?
Is it good to you? (I like it)
Is it good to you? (Ooh, I like it, yeah) Is it good to you?
Is it good to you? (I like it) I wanna know
Is it good to you? (Ooh, I like it, yeah) Is it good to you?
Is it good to you? (I like it) I'd like to know
Is it good to you? (You got me singin', ooh)
C'mon sing it, baby (Ooh-ooh)
C'mon lemme hear it, honey (Ooh-ooh)
C'mon sing it, baby (Ooh-ooh)
C'mon lemme hear it, honey (Ooh-ooh)
C'mon sing it, baby (Ooh-ooh)
C'mon lemme hear it, honey (Ooh-ooh)
C'mon sing it, baby (Ooh-ooh)
C'mon lemme hear it, honey (Yeah, yeah)

Is it good to you? (I like it) Is it good to you?
Is it good to you? (Ooh, I like it, yeah) Is it good to you?
Is it good to you? (Yeah, yeah, yeah) Is it good to you?
Is it good to you? To you? (I like it, yeah) Tell me how it feels
Is it good to you? (Ooh, I like it, yeah) Tell me 'bout it
Is it good to you? (Ooh, I like it, yeah, yeah, yeah) Is it good to you?
Is it good to you? (I like it, yeah, yeah) How's it make you feel?
Is it good to you? (Ooh-ooh, boy)

Is it good to you?