You're gonna need her (Sister sister, the way I-)
Brother, brother (Sister sister, the way I-)
You're gonna need her (Sister sister..)

This one goes out to.. (Sister sister)
All the black women in our society
Who has gone through so much pain and struggle (The way I-)
Gonna let you know that..(Sister sister)
I'm thinking about you (The way I-)
And from the bottom of my heart, I love you
(Sister sister, the way I-)
Sister sister, my Nubian princess
This one's for you, 'cause I'm tired of the nonsense
Not speaking of a sister from immediate family
But to all the sisters with a black mentality
I've grown up watchin you struggle
While others work singles, you work doubles
If it wasn't for you, we wouldn't be born
Who would sew our clothes when they were torn?
I remember trips you couldn't take
So you can buy clothes for your kids to look straight
A few ways to make a dim day bright
Use it for a crutch 'fore you limp through right
Never met a person with a pride so true
Without a strong sis, then what can a black man do?
Many are called but the chosen are few
Sister sister, I feel good about you
You might also like
The way I feel about you
(Sister sister, the way I-)
The way I feel about you
(Sister sister..)
The way I feel about you
(Sister sister, the way I-)
The way I feel aboooooout yooooou

I could recall those sleepless nights
Three in the morning, is my baby alright?
Can't wait to greet 'em with your sensitive touch
'Cause you know he's on the street, that society left us (Sensitive touch)
I remember when you bandaged my bruise
Told your son he was a winner and hoped that he wouldn't lose
Look at your frame, your structure, pride won't puncture
Can't get enough of the way you love your family
You'd be damned if we, ever borrowed sugar for a hot cup of tea
How many tears must you cry? (Dry up)
How many prayers must be said for your kids to get by?
How many times must you fix the broken
Mend the torn and befriend the lonesome?
They say being black is crazy
It's hard to be black, but it's hell to be a black lady

Break it down! Sister sister
(Sister sister, the way I-)
Sister sister (...the way I-)
I love you
Sister sister
(Sister sister, the way I-)
Sister sister
(Sister sister, the way I-)
Get funky, Marley
Oh yeah...do me a favor..

The way I feel about you
(Sister sister, sister sister)
The way I feel about you
(Sister sister, sister sister)
The way I feel about you
(Sister sister, sister sister)
The way I feel aboooooout yooooou
(Sister sister, sister sister, the way I-)

To all the mothers who's lost and mourned
To all the girls whose hearts been torn
To all the sisters who cried for a brother
I have a love for you I couldn't have for another
I'm proud to see you in your executive chair
I'm proud to know you're giving us medical care
Oh what weak men we would be
Without the strong black women in our society
Scrub, you cook, you clean, you know you're goin to
Not because you have to, but because you want to
Not unless you carry, but to give
You love, you cry, you laugh, you weep
You hug, it's you that I envy
'Cause when it comes to givin love, you give it good and plenty
Sister sister, respect is due
And from the bottom of my heart , I feel good about you

We all need to give more thought, to our sisters out there
Our future sisters, but is soon turning to parents
And give love that we've gotten
And the babies out there, the little GIRL babies
Who grow up to be future sisters
And all you brothers out there
Take time to think that it's a sister you came from
And the same sister that you dissin today...
...may be the same sister you need tomorrow
Peace!
Brother, brother (Sister sister, the way I-)
You're gonna need her (Sister sister, the way I-)