Ahhhhhh
Take a sip of this
Ayyy, yeah, let's go
Ahh, ahh
I want you to feel this beat baby (Hahahaha)
One more time, let's go!
Feel it, ahh
Yeah

Listen (What's up?)
This ain't the way I wanted it to end
(But I gotta go) Gotta get missing!
You ain't gotta kick me out (Out)
I'll get out my own house (House)
But you still need to get your shit together, girl

(What do I do? What do I say?)
Gotta get us back to the way that we used to be back in the day
(Who do I call to talk to?)
Shawty, you ain't gotta be scared of me, all we need is therapy like

(One, two, three, four) Get the hell up out my door
(Five, six, seven, eight) I don't need your sex, I'll masturbate
(Nine, ten, 'leven, twelve) You can go to hell all I care
Yeah
Can't do it, shawty, can't deal with you, babe
Can't handle the pressure of you (Yeah, yeah)
Can't do it, shawty, can't deal with you, babe
Can't handle the pressure of you (Yeah, yeah)
See T-Pain LiveGet tickets as low as $59You might also like
Listen (What's up?)
I know you ain't used to us being friends
(But I gotta go) No more kissing
You ain't gotta go away ('Way)
But I know I cannot stay (Stay)
'Cause you still gotta get your shit together, girl

(What do I do?) Yeah (What do I say?)
Gotta get us back to the way we used to be back in the days
(Who do I call to talk to?)
Shawty, you ain't gotta be scared of me, all we need is therapy like

(One, two, three, four) Get the hell up out my door
(Five, six, seven, eight) I don't need your sex, I'll masturbate
(Nine, ten, 'leven, twelve) You can go to hell all I care
Yeah, yeah
Can't do it, shawty (Yeah), can't deal with you, babe (Yeah)
Can't handle the pressure of you (Yeah, yeah)
Can't do it, shawty (Yeah), can't deal with you, babe (Yeah)
Can't handle the pressure of you (Yeah, yeah)
Ooh, ooh

Oooh, you too much pressure, doll
You gon' raise my cholesterol
I gotta lower the phone decibels
Just to talk, just a thought
I'ma get a girl with a ass just as soft
You swear men dogs like Reservoir
And I was Mr. Pink
Remember those nights on the kitchen sink?
I was choking you in a good way, good way
Now, we in the streets, and I'm choking you in a hood way
When the cops come, what I could say?
You know how all that gossip is
Next morning: Bossip, Perez
Any girl I take out, MediaTakeOut, I need a break now
Before I break now, ah-ah (Ah, ah, ah, ah, ow)
Show me your Janet Jacksons if you nasty
You said you want to cut my nuts off like Jesse Jackson, classy
Ooh, why she say that? Ouch!
Bitch! Give me back my couch
On that same couch, casting
Now listen to T-Pain' ass sing
(One, two, three, four) Get the hell up out my door
(Five, six, seven, eight) I don't need your sex, I'll masturbate
(Nine, ten, 'leven, twelve) You can go to hell, all I care
(Yeah, yeah)
I can't do it, shawty (Yeah), can't deal with you, babe (Yeah)
Can't handle the pressure of you (Yeah)
Can't do it, shawty, can't deal with you, babe (Hey, yeah)
Can't handle the pressure of you