Thank you very much. Well, you're very nice, and we really do appreciate it. And I- Since we're the only girls on the show, I don't know what kind of show you're expecting out of us. But- No? Sometimes they do girly type kind of shows, but I've got one announcement to make, I don't want any confusion. This is as sexy as I'm gonna get. Right here. No, this is all I got right here. This is it, this is the top part and this is the bottom part, and that's about it. No, I wanted to tell you all, I didn't- I wanted to let you know what all the girls are wearing and we wore what they're all wearing. Look at these little old puny, drawed up dresses. That's what they're wearing. All of them have got on these dresses that come, see, look at their, I'm just standing up here, hunkered up in a knot. I don't know whether to bend over, sit down, stoop or squat.
Recently we went to England and I guess that's why some of these people for England are here today, tonight, yesterday, whenever it was. We went over there to get some couth on us. They've got lots of couth on them over in England and we, I got, I wanted to get me one of those little Twiggy dresses. She's a little puny model about that big and I got me one of them and, and it fit real good my Twiggy dress did. I've got it on this leg right here. That's where it's at, on that one. I want to say a little poem for you, and then we're going to do one more little tune for you. We're going to be singing later with Johnny Cash and doing some more songs for you, and we're just going to entertain you the best we know how. But I want to try this poem and see if some of you all might know what I'm talking about. It goes,
"I went out to milk the old cow one day
With my stool and my bucket and my fork full of hay
I flung down my bucket and I flopped on my stool
I said, "be still, bossy, you stubborn old fool
Be still now, bossy, quit jumping around
I've been out all night just sneaking around"
She looked sympathetic with her eyes big and brown
And said, just hang on and I'll jump up and down"