Make it good
Oooh, baby
Oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh
Oooh, oooh
I wanna make it good
I'm so tired of the games and the playing around
I just wanna be in love.  (Be in love)
Oh baby
I'm so tired of the flirting and breaking many hearts
I wanna make it good with you
And with you, I wanna start by saying
I'm gonna make it good and I'm gonna make it right
I wanna do it like it's supposed to be
Believe that, believe that
I'm gonna make it good and I'm gonna make it right
I wanna do it like it's supposed to be
Believe that, believe that
I've got so much love to give
And I wanna give it all to you.  (All to you)
Yes I do.  Mmmm, mmmm, mmmm
By yourself is a lonely way to live
And life is so much better when it's shared by two
And I wanna make love to you
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
You might also like(I'm gonna make it good) Make it good, make it good
(And I'm gonna make it right.) Make it right, so right
I wanna do it like it's supposed to be, like it's supposed to be
(Believe that, believe that.) Better believe that.  Oh
(I'm gonna make it good) So good
And I'm gonna make it right
I wanna do it like it's supposed to be
Believe that, believe that
Believe me when I say I love you (I love you)
And I'm gonna change.  (and I'm gonna change.)
I wanna spend all my time with you
Girl, it might sound strange
I promise to be there for you
For better or worse that you want me to do
'Cause falling in love is so hard to do
See, girl, you are, you are, you are my first
Oh, baby.  Oooh, oooh, baby
See, I'm longing for some love
I need someone to love
That's you, that's you, that's you
(I wanna make it good.) Oh, ho, ho, ho, oh, oh, oh
Through the good and the bad, if you're happy or sad
When you're lonely and blue just pick up the phone and call me
(Believe that, believe that.) and I'll come running, running, running for you
(I'm gonna make it good) I wanna make it good
(And I'm gonna make it right.) And I wanna make it right
(I wanna do it like it's supposed to be.) 'Cause I need to be loved
Like you have to be loved.  (Believe that, believe that.)
(I'm gonna make it good) Make it good, make it good
(And I'm gonna make it right.) Make it right, make it right
(I wanna do it like it's supposed to be.) Like it's supposed to be done
Hey baby.  (Believe that, believe that.)
Oh, baby, baby, I love you
And I can't live without you
Everything that I ever needed in this world
The one thing that's been missing is a true, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, woo, love (I wanna make it good.) that I want, baby
You got what I need and I got what you want
And we need to be lovers, so believe that
Oh, believe that.  (Believe that, believe that.)
Oh, believe that
(I'm gonna make it good) Baby, baby, baby, baby
(And I'm gonna make it right.) Oh, my lady, my lady, my lady
(I wanna do it like it's supposed to be.) Oh, believe that
Believe that, just believe that.  (Believe that, believe that.)
Oh
(I'm gonna make it good) So good, so good