Hello!  Uh-oh.  Hi, baby
No, I'm just sick and tired of this phone ringing all day long
Everybody calling me with a bunch of problems
My girlfriend done called me
She's talking about leaving her old man
He done called me, he upset
But I damn sure can't blame her for being upset, boy
Let me tell you what this idiot did
He thought she was going shopping most of the day
I guess she got back too soon for him
'Cause she saw the car when he pulled away
Whatever that woman been putting on him
Lord, it must've been mighty strong
For that fool that had the nerve to bring some woman into their home
He tried to tell her she was the Avon lady who just happened by
And she was selling some new perfume that she wanted his wife to try
If stupidity was a crime, Lord, he spent his life in jail
He didn't even have enough common sense to take the woman to a motel
So she told him, put your rags in a brown paper bag
Go on and hit the door.  (Go on.)
Let the knob hit you in the back, Jack
I don't ever wanna see you no more
(Let it hit you in the back, Jack.)
Ain't no use in looking pitiful or trying to explain
You might also likeA little taste of outside love has blown your whole thing
Yes it have
A little taste of outside love has blown your whole thing
She took him the worst alley and tried to show him the light
But you know what, you can comfort a snake
But he's still gonna bite
He leaned on her weakness what really turned her on
She should've put him out a little bit sooner
'Cause his love must've been too strong
But even a dog'll get tired if you keep on doing him wrong
He won't even come to you if offer him his favorite bone
So she told him, put your rags in a brown paper bag
Go on and hit the door.  (Go on.)
Let the knob hit you in the back, Jack
'Cause I don't ever wanna see you no more
(Let it hit you in the back, Jack.)
So ain't no use in looking pitiful or trying to explain
A little taste of outside love has blown his whole thing
Yes it did
A little taste of outside loving is blowing his whole thing
(A little taste of outside love)
A taste of outside loving is blowing his whole thing
He blew it, baby.  (A little taste of outside love)
The man is blowing his whole thing
(A little taste of outside love.) But what the hell?