Deep down inside of you
When that love wheel starts to turnin;
There ain't nothin' left to do
But find an all the way lover.  (All the way lover)
Got to be an all the way, all the way (All the way lover)
All the way lover, yeah
Don't start somethin' you can't finish
Frustration ain't no fun
Halfway lovin' just don't get it
Stay there 'til the job is done
And be an all the way lover (All the way lover)
You got to be an all the way, all the way, (All the way lover)
All the way lover, yeah
Ain't no sense in doin' nothin'
If you're gonna do it wrong
Pretty good ain't good enough
You gotta get down to the bone
And be an all the way lover.  (All the way lover)
Got to be an all the way, all the way, (All the way lover)
All the way lover, yeah
You might also likeWhen I speak of an all the way lover
I'm not only referrin' to the men, 'cause some of you women ain't shit either
Sit up on your butts all day long, do absolutely nothing but watch one
Soap opera after another one: The Love of Life, Search For Tomorrow
You'll be searchin' for tomorrow alright when these other women
Snatch your man and go on about their business
And in case you missed one, well, get on the phone and call Long
Distance to find out what happened
You'd be, "Oh child, did you see All My Children today?
Oh, what did Miss Tyler do?  Oh honey, what did Erica do today?"
I'll Erica your ass alright
And if you're not watching TV, on the telephone gossipin' tellin' your business
You say somethin' like "Oh honey, my old man sure did put a killin' on me last night.  Oh, it sho' was good."
And your girlfriend be sittin' up talkin' about, "Oh?", 'cause she really
Didn't think the ***** could do nothin'
And now you done told her how good it is, she wants to go over and
Test it out for herself
Done blew your shit just messin' around gossipin'
Done blew your thing
If not that, when your man get in feelin' in a good and lovely mood
Wants to get down, puts some good lovin' on you for real, you'd be
Talkin' about, "Oh no, I went to the beauty shop today, child
You can't be runnin' your fingers through my hair.  I got my hair done."
Couldn't get his fingers through most of your hair if he want to
As nappy as it is
It's a cryin' shame
Low down dirty shame
And I'm feelin' bitchy, yeah
I'm feelin' bitchy about it, yeah
In fact, if I were some of these men, I'd just go out and get me
A sissy and call it a day and forget about it
And I wanna tell you guys somethin', you don't have to worry about
AB if you decide to do that now, 'cause she got enough problems of
Her own
She gonna go out and commit suicide when she find out that
Orange bird got a break in his wing too.  (Laughing)
Oooh, hoo, hoo, yeah
Got to be an all the way, all the way lover, yeah
I'm tellin' you right now
You women need to be an all the way, all the way
Yeah, women need to learn to be all the way lovers, yeah
But wait a minute, don't get mad at me
I can understand why some of you go through these changes
Havin' a man like some of you got is enough to make you go
Through some weird changes
You go to the beauty shop and get in that chair
Your man in there gettin' his hair fixed
He cuter than you, huh, huh
Think you're too cute to get down
You might mess up his curls too
Ain't no more sweatin' in the bedroom, that's completely out
He layin' up there with two strokes goin' for him, up and down
Ain't never heard of a curve unless it was on a ball field
Talkin' 'bout an all the way
All the way lovers, yeah
Only I can't find none to talk about, heh, tryin' to find some
And you really wanna get one of them mad, heh, heh
Why would you on one of them nights when he thinks he's doin'
Somethin' while he got you layin' there lyin' talkin' 'bout how good
It is?
'Cause you know the rent is due and he must pay it
Why don't you look at him and really get him upset sayin'
Get down, get down, get down
Get down tonight
And if he acts like you don't know what you're talkin' about, look at
Him again and be very frank says
Get on down and par-tay!
Mind you, I say partay, not party, par-tay
Get all the way down
They gotta be an all the way lover, yeah
See, most men don't wanna own up to partayin', but most of 'em do
Even though their wife don't know it
You gotta get down, all the way down, yeah
You gotta learn to be an all the way lover, yeah
'Cause I got me an all the way
Right now, I got me an all the way lover, yeah
No kissin' on the belly button and stoppin' there
You gotta be an all the way lover, yeah
Oooh, hoo.  Uh huh
Let's get on down
Whoo!  Uh.  Uh huh
I-I-I-I-I think you better hold it right there, uh
You're gettin' a girl nervous here
I like an all the way, all the way, all the way lover, yeah
H-H-H-H-How about just goin' to the kneecap or somethin'?
I don't know if I can stand this
Oooh, I thought I was...Oooh!  Lord, I thought I could take this
Mmmm, mmmm, mmmm.  Whoo!  Ow!  Lord have mercy
Stop it there
You better stop it there.  (Giggling)
Oh, oooh, Jesus Christ
All the way, all the way, all the way lover, yeah