I've lost him
Now what am I gonna do?
Oh well

Staring at the doorway, listening for the phone
God knows I don't ever remember feeling so alone
I sit by the window listening to the wind
Dreaming of the days gone by when you and I were friends

'Cause yesterday seemed like two million miles away
Our lives have gone astray
We've run out of things to say
And the way we used to be is just a bittersweet memory
We're both blind and we can't see
That I still love you (I still love you)
You still love me, baby

In the dark hours of the morning, lately I don't sleep so warm
Feels like I've been lying here with a stranger in my arms
Boy, we've got to face it, let's talk it out today
We've got to get that feeling back before it slips away
You might also like
Because yesterday seemed like two million miles away
Our lives have gone astray
We've run out of things to say
And the way we used to be is just a bittersweet memory
We're both blind and we can't see
That I still love you (I still love you)
You still love me
Yesterday seems like two million miles away
Our lives have gone astray
We've been running out of things to say
And the way we used to be is just a bittersweet memory
We're both blind and we can't see
That I still love you
Do you still love me, baby?
(I still love you) I still love you
(You still love me) You still love me, yeah now
(I still love you) I still love you, baby
(You still love me) I believe you still love me, daddy
Come back (I still love you)
Can't you see I'm waiting on you, baby? Oh (You still love me)

(Millie laughing and giggling)
(I still love you)
(You still love me) I know you still love me
He'll be back (I still love you)
You can't stand to do without me (You still love me)
You'll be back, I know you'll be back!
I still love you
(Millie laughing and giggling)
DOCTOR: Put your arms right in here.  We're not going to hurt you
MILLIE: Don't come near me!
DOCTOR: Nurse?
MILLIE: Take your hands off of me!
DOCTOR: Nurse, will you please help me?
MILLIE: Let go of me!
DOCTOR: Miss Jackson, please
MILLIE: Your mommy's insane in Paramus!
DOCTOR: Nurse!
MILLIE: Let go of me!
(I still love you, you still love me.)
Yaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
(I still love you, you still love me