MILLIE: Philip, now I know you said you're leaving, but can't we discuss this at all?
PHILIP: Look, baby, there ain't nothing to discuss. I mean, you know, we've been through this a thousand times. Everything has been said
MILLIE: Oh, you believe him, because of your son, right?
PHILIP: Yeah, that's right
MILLIE: And because of your son, that's the reason you had your wife laying up in my bed last week, right?
The neighbours told me when I went to Philadelphia, she was here the whole weekend
N-N-N-N-N-Now just tell me something, you've been married to her, been shacking with me. Who you feel you're cheating on?
PHILIP: Well, that don't feel like I'm cheating on nobody, now. You know. I'm just going on home, that's all
(Doorbell ringing)
MILLIE: Uh, wait a minute, uh, the doorbell's ringing. Let me get the bell
Well, do say, right on time, Mrs. Jody again, what do you want?
JODY: My husband
MILLIE: Well, you're not getting him
JODY: Oh, I'll take him with me
MILLIE: I know what you're gonna take, you're gonna take a good a-kicking if you don't get out my house
JODY: Well, I brought some and I'm ready for yours
MILLIE: I guess you brought the kid too, huh
JODY: Yes I did
MILLIE: Well, listen, let me tell you something, I want both of y'all out my house. I don't ever wanna see none of you no more and I wanna tell you something further this time, you understand me
I wanna ask you something

Tell me how do you feel knowing he's my man
And the love he's giving you is weak and secondhand?
Tell me, tell me, tell me now, how could you lay there stressed out in my bed
With my brand new nightie on, my rollers in your nappy hair?
You might also like
Some girls ain't got no pride at all, no
Some are just downright dirty, some are just don'ts

All you're getting is my leftovers
You're digging out of love I done picked over
You oughta leave my man alone, find one of your own
Stop making the jaw, girl, scrape in the bone, ow!

It don't bother me if your man gives you a little bit of loving sometimes
'Cause you see, I know if he makes it good to you, huh, it's me that's on his mind
But tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me now, how could you forget, girl, the man left you for me
And if he ever decides to do it to you, it's out of responsibility

I don't see how some folks could be so dumb, no
You got the nerve to think you're living good
But all you're getting is trounced

All you're getting is my leftovers
You're digging out of love I done picked over
You oughta leave my man alone, find one of your own
Stop making the jaw, girl, scrape in the bone
Ohaaow! Leave him alone now
Go and find a man of your own
'Cause there ain't nothing left of the man this evening, y'all
You see, I done took everything he had
All you're getting is my leftovers
You're digging out of surplus garbage
Hey, leave him alone now
Go and find a man of your own this evening, girl
I know you look kind of bad, but there must be somebody that wants you anyway
You oughta leave the man alone now
Hey, baby, hey, hey, hey

Well, he's gone